1	ENTD fever ENTDEND  lymphadenopathy and hepatitis, beginning on the 17th day of a course of oral ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND
1	ENTD nephritis ENTDEND and extensive bone marrow necrosis, with no evidence of malignancy. It is thought that the clinico-pathological features and chronology of this case bore the hallmarks of the so-called "3-week ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND
0	ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND for sero-negative rheumatoid arthritis. Cervical and inguinal lymph node biopsies showed the features of severe necrotising ENTD lymphadenitis ENTDEND
1	ENTD sepsis ENTDEND  supervened. She subsequently died some 5 weeks after the commencement of her drug therapy.Post-mortem examination showed evidence of massive hepatocellular necrosis, acute hypersensitivity myocarditis, focal acute tubulo-interstitial nephritis and extensive bone marrow necrosis, with no evidence of malignancy. It is thought that the clinico-pathological features and chronology of this case bore the hallmarks of the so-called "3-week ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND
0	ENTD malignancy ENTDEND  It is thought that the clinico-pathological features and chronology of this case bore the hallmarks of the so-called "3-week ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND
0	ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND for sero-negative rheumatoid arthritis. Cervical and inguinal lymph node biopsies showed the features of severe necrotising lymphadenitis, associated with erythrophagocytosis and prominent eosinophilic infiltrates, without viral inclusion bodies, suggestive of an adverse drug reaction.A week later, fulminant drug-induced hepatitis, associated with the presence of anti-nuclear autoantibodies (but not with other markers of ENTD autoimmunity ENTDEND
0	ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND for sero-negative rheumatoid arthritis. Cervical and inguinal lymph node biopsies showed the features of severe necrotising lymphadenitis, associated with erythrophagocytosis and prominent eosinophilic infiltrates, without viral inclusion bodies, suggestive of an ENTD adverse drug reaction ENTDEND
0	ENTD massive hepatocellular necrosis ENTDEND  acute hypersensitivity myocarditis, focal acute tubulo-interstitial nephritis and extensive bone marrow necrosis, with no evidence of malignancy. It is thought that the clinico-pathological features and chronology of this case bore the hallmarks of the so-called "3-week ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND
0	ENTD bone marrow necrosis ENTDEND  with no evidence of malignancy. It is thought that the clinico-pathological features and chronology of this case bore the hallmarks of the so-called "3-week ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND
1	ENTD myocarditis ENTDEND  focal acute tubulo-interstitial nephritis and extensive bone marrow necrosis, with no evidence of malignancy. It is thought that the clinico-pathological features and chronology of this case bore the hallmarks of the so-called "3-week ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND
1	ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND  beginning on the 17th day of a course of oral ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND
0	ENTD multi-organ failure ENTDEND and sepsis, supervened. She subsequently died some 5 weeks after the commencement of her drug therapy.Post-mortem examination showed evidence of massive hepatocellular necrosis, acute hypersensitivity myocarditis, focal acute tubulo-interstitial nephritis and extensive bone marrow necrosis, with no evidence of malignancy. It is thought that the clinico-pathological features and chronology of this case bore the hallmarks of the so-called "3-week ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND
1	ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND  syndrome strikes again.A 34-year-old lady developed a constellation of ENTD dermatitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND for sero-negative ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND
1	ENTD lymphadenopathy ENTDEND and hepatitis, beginning on the 17th day of a course of oral ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND
0	ENTC CBDCA ENTCEND administration induced dose-dependent peripheral neurotoxicity. ENTD Pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD Pain ENTDEND perception and nerve conduction velocity in the tail were significantly impaired, particularly after the high-dose treatment. The dorsal root ganglia sensory neurons and, to a lesser extent, satellite cells showed the same changes as those induced by ENTC CDDP ENTCEND
0	ENTD Pain ENTDEND perception and nerve conduction velocity in the tail were significantly impaired, particularly after the high-dose treatment. The dorsal root ganglia sensory neurons and, to a lesser extent, satellite cells showed the same changes as those induced by CDDP, mainly affecting the nucleus and nucleolus of ganglionic sensory neurons. Moreover, significant amounts of ENTC platinum ENTCEND
1	ENTC CBDCA ENTCEND administration induced dose-dependent ENTD peripheral neurotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC CDDP ENTCEND  is its markedly reduced rate of neurotoxic effects. However, the use of CBDCA higher-intensity schedules and the association with other neurotoxic drugs in polychemotherapy may cause some concern about its safety with respect to ENTD peripheral nervous system damage ENTDEND
0	ENTD peripheral neurotoxicity ENTDEND  Pain perception and nerve conduction velocity in the tail were significantly impaired, particularly after the high-dose treatment. The dorsal root ganglia sensory neurons and, to a lesser extent, satellite cells showed the same changes as those induced by CDDP, mainly affecting the nucleus and nucleolus of ganglionic sensory neurons. Moreover, significant amounts of ENTC platinum ENTCEND
0	ENTC CBDCA ENTCEND is ENTD neurotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTC CDDP ENTCEND that it is probable that ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC platinum ENTCEND were detected in the dorsal root ganglia and kidney after CBDCA treatment. CONCLUSIONS: CBDCA is ENTD neurotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND  overdose.Catecholamine-induced ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC Catecholamine ENTCEND induced ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD left ventricular systolic and diastolic dysfunction ENTDEND  due to accidental iatrogenic ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTD left ventricular systolic and diastolic dysfunction ENTDEND  due to accidental iatrogenic epinephrine overdose. ENTC Catecholamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTD overdose ENTDEND . ENTC Catecholamine ENTCEND
1	ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND developed ENTD myocardial stunning ENTDEND
0	ENTC catecholamines ENTCEND has been recognized for decades as a clinical phenomenon. In contrast, reports of myocardial dysfunction due to acute iatrogenic overdose are rare. A 35-year-old woman whose cervix uteri was inadvertently injected with 8 mg of epinephrine developed ENTD myocardial stunning ENTDEND
0	ENTC heparin ENTCEND induced thrombocytopenia (HIT) or HIT with thrombosis (HITT) undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB). In the following report, a 65-year-old critically ill patient with a suspected history of HITT was administered argatroban for anticoagulation on bypass during heart transplantation. The patient required massive transfusion support (55 units of red blood cells, 42 units of fresh-frozen plasma, 40 units of cryoprecipitate, 40 units of platelets, and three doses of recombinant Factor VIIa) for severe ENTD intraoperative and postoperative bleeding ENTDEND
1	ENTD intraoperative and postoperative bleeding ENTDEND  STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: Plasma samples from before and after CPB were analyzed postoperatively for ENTC argatroban ENTCEND
0	ENTC heparin ENTCEND -induced ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD HITT ENTDEND was administered ENTC argatroban ENTCEND
0	ENTC heparin ENTCEND induced thrombocytopenia (HIT) or HIT with thrombosis (HITT) undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB). In the following report, a 65-year-old critically ill patient with a suspected history of HITT was administered argatroban for anticoagulation on bypass during heart transplantation. The patient required massive transfusion support (55 units of red blood cells, 42 units of fresh-frozen plasma, 40 units of cryoprecipitate, 40 units of platelets, and three doses of recombinant Factor VIIa) for severe ENTD intraoperative and postoperative bleeding ENTDEND
1	ENTD intraoperative and postoperative bleeding ENTDEND  STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: Plasma samples from before and after CPB were analyzed postoperatively for ENTC argatroban ENTCEND
0	ENTC heparin ENTCEND -induced thrombocytopenia with ENTD thrombosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD HITT ENTDEND was administered ENTC argatroban ENTCEND
0	ENTC heparin ENTCEND induced thrombocytopenia (HIT) or HIT with thrombosis (HITT) undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB). In the following report, a 65-year-old ENTD critically ill ENTDEND
0	ENTD critically ill ENTDEND patient with a suspected history of HITT was administered ENTC argatroban ENTCEND
0	ENTC heparin ENTCEND induced thrombocytopenia (HIT) or HIT with thrombosis (HITT) undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB). In the following report, a 65-year-old critically ill patient with a suspected history of HITT was administered argatroban for anticoagulation on bypass during heart transplantation. The patient required massive transfusion support (55 units of red blood cells, 42 units of fresh-frozen plasma, 40 units of cryoprecipitate, 40 units of platelets, and three doses of recombinant Factor VIIa) for severe intraoperative and postoperative bleeding. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: Plasma samples from before and after CPB were analyzed postoperatively for argatroban concentration using a modified ecarin clotting time (ECT) assay. RESULTS: Unexpectedly high concentrations of argatroban were measured in these samples (range, 0-32 microg/mL), and a prolonged plasma argatroban half life (t(1/2)) of 514 minutes was observed (published elimination t(1/2) is 39-51 minutes [< or = 181 minutes with ENTD hepatic impairment ENTDEND
0	ENTD hepatic impairment ENTDEND ). CONCLUSIONS: Correlation of plasma ENTC argatroban ENTCEND
0	ENTC heparin ENTCEND induced thrombocytopenia (HIT) or HIT with thrombosis (HITT) undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB). In the following report, a 65-year-old critically ill patient with a suspected history of HITT was administered argatroban for anticoagulation on bypass during heart transplantation. The patient required massive transfusion support (55 units of red blood cells, 42 units of fresh-frozen plasma, 40 units of cryoprecipitate, 40 units of platelets, and three doses of recombinant Factor VIIa) for severe intraoperative and postoperative bleeding. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: Plasma samples from before and after CPB were analyzed postoperatively for argatroban concentration using a modified ecarin clotting time (ECT) assay. RESULTS: Unexpectedly high concentrations of argatroban were measured in these samples (range, 0-32 microg/mL), and a prolonged plasma argatroban half life (t(1/2)) of 514 minutes was observed (published elimination t(1/2) is 39-51 minutes [< or = 181 minutes with hepatic impairment]). CONCLUSIONS: Correlation of plasma argatroban concentration versus the patient's coagulation variables and clinical course suggest that prolonged elevated levels of plasma argatroban may have contributed to the patient's extended ENTD coagulopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC argatroban ENTCEND may have contributed to the patient's extended ENTD coagulopathy ENTDEND
1	ENTD clear cell adenocarcinoma ENTDEND  in ENTC DES ENTCEND
0	ENTC diethylstilbestrol ENTCEND are reported. One patient, aged 23, had been followed for 2 years before ENTD carcinoma ENTDEND
1	ENTC DES ENTCEND -exposed offspring under observation.Two cases of ENTD clear cell adenocarcinoma of the vagina ENTDEND
0	ENTC penicillins ENTCEND and first-generation cephalosporins. We describe a patient who developed ENTD anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC cephalosporins ENTCEND  We describe a patient who developed ENTD anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD anemia ENTDEND while receiving intravenous ENTC cefotetan ENTCEND
0	ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND due to a drug-adsorption mechanism has been described primarily in patients receiving ENTC penicillins ENTCEND
0	ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND due to a drug-adsorption mechanism has been described primarily in patients receiving penicillins and first-generation ENTC cephalosporins ENTCEND
1	ENTC Cefotetan ENTCEND -induced immune ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC penicillins ENTCEND and first-generation cephalosporins. We describe a patient who developed anemia while receiving intravenous cefotetan. Cefotetan-dependent antibodies were detected in the patient's serum and in an eluate prepared from his red blood cells. The eluate also reacted weakly with red blood cells in the absence of cefotetan, suggesting the concomitant formation of warm-reactive autoantibodies. These observations, in conjunction with clinical and laboratory evidence of extravascular ENTD hemolysis ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemolysis ENTDEND  are consistent with drug-induced hemolytic anemia, possibly involving both drug-adsorption and autoantibody formation mechanisms. This case emphasizes the need for increased awareness of hemolytic reactions to all ENTC cephalosporins ENTCEND
0	ENTC cefotetan ENTCEND  suggesting the concomitant formation of warm-reactive autoantibodies. These observations, in conjunction with clinical and laboratory evidence of extravascular ENTD hemolysis ENTDEND
0	ENTC testosterone ENTCEND .More than 50% of Lobund-Wistar (L-W) strain rats developed large, palpable prostate adenocarcinomas (PAs) following treatments with N-nitroso-N-methylurea (CAS: 684-93-5) and testosterone propionate [(TP) CAS: 57-85-2], and most of the ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC TP ENTCEND acted as a ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC N-nitroso-N-methylurea ENTCEND (CAS: 684-93-5) and testosterone propionate [(TP) CAS: 57-85-2], and most of the ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTD prostate cancer ENTDEND  in Lobund-Wistar rats by treatments with N-nitroso-N-methylurea and ENTC testosterone ENTCEND
1	ENTD PA ENTDEND when treated only with ENTC TP ENTCEND
1	ENTD PAs ENTDEND  following treatments with ENTC N-nitroso-N-methylurea ENTCEND
0	ENTD aggressiveness ENTDEND evoked by clonidine in mice, both these effects being mediated by an alpha1-adrenergic receptor. It may be concluded that, like other tricyclic ENTC antidepressants ENTCEND
0	ENTC d-amphetamine ENTCEND or apomorphine are not potentiated by TRI. It increases the behaviour stimulation evoked by phenylephrine (given intraventricularly) in rats, evaluated in the open field test as well as the ENTD aggressiveness ENTDEND
0	ENTC 5-hydroxytryptophan ENTCEND head twitches in rats. TRI given repeatedly to rats increases the locomotor hyperactivity induced by d-amphetamine, quinpirole and (+)-7-hydroxy-dipropyloaminotetralin (dopamine D2 and D3 effects). The stereotypies induced by d-amphetamine or apomorphine are not potentiated by TRI. It increases the behaviour stimulation evoked by phenylephrine (given intraventricularly) in rats, evaluated in the open field test as well as the ENTD aggressiveness ENTDEND
0	ENTC TRI ENTCEND  It increases the behaviour stimulation evoked by phenylephrine (given intraventricularly) in rats, evaluated in the open field test as well as the ENTD aggressiveness ENTDEND
0	ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND (given intraventricularly) in rats, evaluated in the open field test as well as the ENTD aggressiveness ENTDEND
0	ENTD aggressiveness ENTDEND evoked by ENTC clonidine ENTCEND
0	ENTD aggressiveness ENTDEND evoked by clonidine in mice, both these effects being mediated by an alpha1-adrenergic receptor. It may be concluded that, like other tricyclic antidepressants studied previously, TRI given repeatedly increases the responsiveness of brain ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND are not potentiated by TRI. It increases the behaviour stimulation evoked by phenylephrine (given intraventricularly) in rats, evaluated in the open field test as well as the ENTD aggressiveness ENTDEND
0	ENTC reserpine ENTCEND hypothermia in mice and does not potentiate the 5-hydroxytryptophan head twitches in rats. TRI given repeatedly to rats increases the locomotor hyperactivity induced by d-amphetamine, quinpirole and (+)-7-hydroxy-dipropyloaminotetralin (dopamine D2 and D3 effects). The stereotypies induced by d-amphetamine or apomorphine are not potentiated by TRI. It increases the behaviour stimulation evoked by phenylephrine (given intraventricularly) in rats, evaluated in the open field test as well as the ENTD aggressiveness ENTDEND
0	ENTC quinpirole ENTCEND and (+)-7-hydroxy-dipropyloaminotetralin (dopamine D2 and D3 effects). The stereotypies induced by d-amphetamine or apomorphine are not potentiated by TRI. It increases the behaviour stimulation evoked by phenylephrine (given intraventricularly) in rats, evaluated in the open field test as well as the ENTD aggressiveness ENTDEND
0	ENTC antidepressants ENTCEND  TRI was given to male Wistar rats and male Albino Swiss mice perorally twice daily for 14 days. In the acute experiment TRI (given i.p.) does not antagonize the reserpine ENTD hypothermia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypothermia ENTDEND in mice and does not potentiate the 5-hydroxytryptophan head twitches in rats. TRI given repeatedly to rats increases the locomotor hyperactivity induced by ENTC d-amphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-hydroxytryptamine ENTCEND  nor does it induce beta-adrenergic down-regulation. The mechanism of its antidepressant activity is still unknown. The aim of the present study was to find out whether TRI given repeatedly was able to induce adaptive changes in the dopaminergic and alpha1-adrenergic systems, demonstrated by us previously for various antidepressants. TRI was given to male Wistar rats and male Albino Swiss mice perorally twice daily for 14 days. In the acute experiment TRI (given i.p.) does not antagonize the reserpine ENTD hypothermia ENTDEND
0	ENTC noradrenaline ENTCEND and 5-hydroxytryptamine, nor does it induce beta-adrenergic down-regulation. The mechanism of its antidepressant activity is still unknown. The aim of the present study was to find out whether TRI given repeatedly was able to induce adaptive changes in the dopaminergic and alpha1-adrenergic systems, demonstrated by us previously for various antidepressants. TRI was given to male Wistar rats and male Albino Swiss mice perorally twice daily for 14 days. In the acute experiment TRI (given i.p.) does not antagonize the reserpine ENTD hypothermia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypothermia ENTDEND in mice and does not potentiate the ENTC 5-hydroxytryptophan ENTCEND
0	ENTC TRI ENTCEND (given i.p.) does not antagonize the reserpine ENTD hypothermia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypothermia ENTDEND in mice and does not potentiate the 5-hydroxytryptophan head twitches in rats. TRI given repeatedly to rats increases the locomotor hyperactivity induced by d-amphetamine, quinpirole and (+)-7-hydroxy-dipropyloaminotetralin (dopamine D2 and D3 effects). The stereotypies induced by d-amphetamine or apomorphine are not potentiated by TRI. It increases the behaviour stimulation evoked by ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTC imipramine ENTCEND but does not inhibit the reuptake of noradrenaline and 5-hydroxytryptamine, nor does it induce beta-adrenergic down-regulation. The mechanism of its antidepressant activity is still unknown. The aim of the present study was to find out whether TRI given repeatedly was able to induce adaptive changes in the dopaminergic and alpha1-adrenergic systems, demonstrated by us previously for various antidepressants. TRI was given to male Wistar rats and male Albino Swiss mice perorally twice daily for 14 days. In the acute experiment TRI (given i.p.) does not antagonize the reserpine ENTD hypothermia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypothermia ENTDEND in mice and does not potentiate the 5-hydroxytryptophan head twitches in rats. TRI given repeatedly to rats increases the locomotor hyperactivity induced by d-amphetamine, quinpirole and (+)-7-hydroxy-dipropyloaminotetralin (dopamine D2 and D3 effects). The stereotypies induced by d-amphetamine or apomorphine are not potentiated by TRI. It increases the behaviour stimulation evoked by phenylephrine (given intraventricularly) in rats, evaluated in the open field test as well as the aggressiveness evoked by ENTC clonidine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypothermia ENTDEND in mice and does not potentiate the 5-hydroxytryptophan head twitches in rats. TRI given repeatedly to rats increases the locomotor hyperactivity induced by d-amphetamine, quinpirole and (+)-7-hydroxy-dipropyloaminotetralin ( ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypothermia ENTDEND in mice and does not potentiate the 5-hydroxytryptophan head twitches in rats. TRI given repeatedly to rats increases the locomotor hyperactivity induced by d-amphetamine, quinpirole and (+)-7-hydroxy-dipropyloaminotetralin (dopamine D2 and D3 effects). The stereotypies induced by d-amphetamine or ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND
1	ENTC reserpine ENTCEND ENTD hypothermia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypothermia ENTDEND in mice and does not potentiate the 5-hydroxytryptophan head twitches in rats. TRI given repeatedly to rats increases the locomotor hyperactivity induced by d-amphetamine, ENTC quinpirole ENTCEND
0	ENTC antidepressants ENTCEND  TRI was given to male Wistar rats and male Albino Swiss mice perorally twice daily for 14 days. In the acute experiment TRI (given i.p.) does not antagonize the reserpine hypothermia in mice and does not potentiate the 5-hydroxytryptophan head twitches in rats. TRI given repeatedly to rats increases the locomotor ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
1	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND induced by ENTC d-amphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-hydroxytryptamine ENTCEND  nor does it induce beta-adrenergic down-regulation. The mechanism of its antidepressant activity is still unknown. The aim of the present study was to find out whether TRI given repeatedly was able to induce adaptive changes in the dopaminergic and alpha1-adrenergic systems, demonstrated by us previously for various antidepressants. TRI was given to male Wistar rats and male Albino Swiss mice perorally twice daily for 14 days. In the acute experiment TRI (given i.p.) does not antagonize the reserpine hypothermia in mice and does not potentiate the 5-hydroxytryptophan head twitches in rats. TRI given repeatedly to rats increases the locomotor ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC noradrenaline ENTCEND and 5-hydroxytryptamine, nor does it induce beta-adrenergic down-regulation. The mechanism of its antidepressant activity is still unknown. The aim of the present study was to find out whether TRI given repeatedly was able to induce adaptive changes in the dopaminergic and alpha1-adrenergic systems, demonstrated by us previously for various antidepressants. TRI was given to male Wistar rats and male Albino Swiss mice perorally twice daily for 14 days. In the acute experiment TRI (given i.p.) does not antagonize the reserpine hypothermia in mice and does not potentiate the 5-hydroxytryptophan head twitches in rats. TRI given repeatedly to rats increases the locomotor ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC 5-hydroxytryptophan ENTCEND head twitches in rats. TRI given repeatedly to rats increases the locomotor ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
1	ENTC TRI ENTCEND given repeatedly to rats increases the locomotor ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND induced by d-amphetamine, quinpirole and (+)-7-hydroxy-dipropyloaminotetralin (dopamine D2 and D3 effects). The stereotypies induced by d-amphetamine or apomorphine are not potentiated by TRI. It increases the behaviour stimulation evoked by ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTC imipramine ENTCEND but does not inhibit the reuptake of noradrenaline and 5-hydroxytryptamine, nor does it induce beta-adrenergic down-regulation. The mechanism of its antidepressant activity is still unknown. The aim of the present study was to find out whether TRI given repeatedly was able to induce adaptive changes in the dopaminergic and alpha1-adrenergic systems, demonstrated by us previously for various antidepressants. TRI was given to male Wistar rats and male Albino Swiss mice perorally twice daily for 14 days. In the acute experiment TRI (given i.p.) does not antagonize the reserpine hypothermia in mice and does not potentiate the 5-hydroxytryptophan head twitches in rats. TRI given repeatedly to rats increases the locomotor ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND induced by d-amphetamine, quinpirole and (+)-7-hydroxy-dipropyloaminotetralin (dopamine D2 and D3 effects). The stereotypies induced by d-amphetamine or apomorphine are not potentiated by TRI. It increases the behaviour stimulation evoked by phenylephrine (given intraventricularly) in rats, evaluated in the open field test as well as the aggressiveness evoked by ENTC clonidine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND induced by d-amphetamine, quinpirole and (+)-7-hydroxy-dipropyloaminotetralin ( ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND induced by d-amphetamine, quinpirole and (+)-7-hydroxy-dipropyloaminotetralin (dopamine D2 and D3 effects). The stereotypies induced by d-amphetamine or ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND
0	ENTC reserpine ENTCEND hypothermia in mice and does not potentiate the 5-hydroxytryptophan head twitches in rats. TRI given repeatedly to rats increases the locomotor ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
1	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND induced by d-amphetamine, ENTC quinpirole ENTCEND
0	ENTD peripheral vascular disease ENTDEND  Many of these patients are taking pentoxifylline (Trental), a ENTC methylxanthine ENTCEND
0	ENTC thallium ENTCEND 201 imaging is often performed in patients unable to exercise because of ENTD peripheral vascular disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC Dipyridamole ENTCEND thallium-201 imaging is often performed in patients unable to exercise because of ENTD peripheral vascular disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD peripheral vascular disease ENTDEND  Many of these patients are taking ENTC pentoxifylline ENTCEND
0	ENTD peripheral vascular disease ENTDEND  Many of these patients are taking pentoxifylline (Trental), a methylxanthine derivative which may improve intermittent claudication. Whether pentoxifylline inhibits dipyridamole-induced coronary hyperemia like other methylxanthines such as ENTC theophylline ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperemia ENTDEND like other ENTC methylxanthines ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperemia ENTDEND : implications for dipyridamole ENTC thallium ENTCEND
1	ENTC dipyridamole ENTCEND induced ENTD hyperemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC pentoxifylline ENTCEND inhibits dipyridamole-induced coronary ENTD hyperemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperemia ENTDEND like other methylxanthines such as ENTC theophylline ENTCEND
0	ENTC methylxanthine ENTCEND derivative which may improve ENTD intermittent claudication ENTDEND
0	ENTD intermittent claudication ENTDEND  Whether pentoxifylline inhibits dipyridamole-induced coronary hyperemia like other methylxanthines such as theophylline and should be stopped prior to dipyridamole- ENTC thallium ENTCEND
0	ENTD intermittent claudication ENTDEND  Whether pentoxifylline inhibits ENTC dipyridamole ENTCEND
1	ENTD intermittent claudication ENTDEND  Whether ENTC pentoxifylline ENTCEND
0	ENTD intermittent claudication ENTDEND  Whether pentoxifylline inhibits dipyridamole-induced coronary hyperemia like other methylxanthines such as ENTC theophylline ENTCEND
0	ENTD arrhythmias ENTDEND  This pharmacological profile is similar to those of mexiletine and ENTC tocainide ENTCEND
1	ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND induced ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTD arrhythmias ENTDEND  This pharmacological profile is similar to those of ENTC mexiletine ENTCEND
1	ENTC digitalis ENTCEND , and adrenaline-induced canine ENTD ventricular arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTC cibenzoline ENTCEND  on canine ENTD ventricular arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTC tocainide ENTCEND  and all three drugs have central nervous system (CNS) stimulant action. Because cibenzoline had only weak hypotensive and sinus node ENTD depressive ENTDEND
0	ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND induced arrhythmia was significantly higher than those for the other types of arrhythmias. This pharmacological profile is similar to those of mexiletine and tocainide, and all three drugs have central nervous system (CNS) stimulant action. Because cibenzoline had only weak hypotensive and sinus node ENTD depressive ENTDEND
0	ENTC mexiletine ENTCEND and tocainide, and all three drugs have central nervous system (CNS) stimulant action. Because cibenzoline had only weak hypotensive and sinus node ENTD depressive ENTDEND
0	ENTC digitalis ENTCEND  and adrenaline were 1.9 +/- 0.9 (by 8 mg/kg i.v.), 1.6 +/- 0.5 (by 8 mg/kg i.v.), 0.6 +/- 0.2 (by 2 mg/kg i.v.), and 3.5 +/- 1.3 (by 5 mg/kg i.v.) micrograms/ml, respectively (mean +/- SDM, n = 6-7). The concentration for adrenaline-induced arrhythmia was significantly higher than those for the other types of arrhythmias. This pharmacological profile is similar to those of mexiletine and tocainide, and all three drugs have central nervous system (CNS) stimulant action. Because cibenzoline had only weak hypotensive and sinus node ENTD depressive ENTDEND
0	ENTC cibenzoline ENTCEND had only weak hypotensive and sinus node ENTD depressive ENTDEND
0	ENTC tocainide ENTCEND  and all three drugs have central nervous system (CNS) stimulant action. Because cibenzoline had only weak ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND
0	ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND induced arrhythmia was significantly higher than those for the other types of arrhythmias. This pharmacological profile is similar to those of mexiletine and tocainide, and all three drugs have central nervous system (CNS) stimulant action. Because cibenzoline had only weak ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND
0	ENTC mexiletine ENTCEND and tocainide, and all three drugs have central nervous system (CNS) stimulant action. Because cibenzoline had only weak ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND
0	ENTC digitalis ENTCEND  and adrenaline were 1.9 +/- 0.9 (by 8 mg/kg i.v.), 1.6 +/- 0.5 (by 8 mg/kg i.v.), 0.6 +/- 0.2 (by 2 mg/kg i.v.), and 3.5 +/- 1.3 (by 5 mg/kg i.v.) micrograms/ml, respectively (mean +/- SDM, n = 6-7). The concentration for adrenaline-induced arrhythmia was significantly higher than those for the other types of arrhythmias. This pharmacological profile is similar to those of mexiletine and tocainide, and all three drugs have central nervous system (CNS) stimulant action. Because cibenzoline had only weak ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND
0	ENTC cibenzoline ENTCEND had only weak ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND
0	ENTD QT prolongation ENTDEND  among patients treated with methadone for ENTC heroin ENTCEND
1	ENTC Methadone ENTCEND is associated with ENTD QT prolongation ENTDEND
0	ENTD prolonged QTc interval ENTDEND  None of the subjects treated with ENTC buprenorphine ENTCEND
0	ENTD TdP ENTDEND  has been reported in methadone users. As ENTC heroin ENTCEND
0	ENTD TdP ENTDEND  has been reported in ENTC methadone ENTCEND
0	ENTD TdP ENTDEND in this special population, and the high mortality in this population may, in part, be caused by the proarrhythmic effect of methadone. METHODS: In this cross-sectional study interview, ECGs and blood samples were collected in a population of adult heroin addicts treated with methadone or ENTC buprenorphine ENTCEND
0	ENTD syncope ENTDEND in a population of ENTC heroin ENTCEND
1	ENTD syncope ENTDEND  CONCLUSIONS: ENTC Methadone ENTCEND
0	ENTC buprenorphine ENTCEND had QTc interval >0.440 s((1/2)). A 50 mg higher methadone dose was associated with a 1.2 (95% CI 1.1 to 1.4) times higher odds for ENTD syncope ENTDEND
0	ENTD Parkinsonism ENTDEND with aggravation of end-of-dose akinesia led to its cessation in 14 patients. ENTC Tiapride ENTCEND
0	ENTD Parkinsonism ENTDEND with aggravation of end-of-dose akinesia led to its cessation in 14 patients. Tiapride had no effect on levodopa-induced early morning of "off-period" segmental dystonia. These results fail to support the notion that levodopa-induced dyskinesias are caused by overstimulation of a separate group of ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC metoclopramide ENTCEND  reduced levodopa-induced peak dose involuntary movements in 16 patients with ENTD idiopathic Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC benzamide ENTCEND derivative closely related to metoclopramide, reduced levodopa-induced peak dose involuntary movements in 16 patients with ENTD idiopathic Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND induced peak dose involuntary movements in 16 patients with ENTD idiopathic Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD involuntary movements ENTDEND . ENTC Tiapride ENTCEND
0	ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND are caused by overstimulation of a separate group of ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC metoclopramide ENTCEND  reduced levodopa-induced peak dose ENTD involuntary movements ENTDEND
0	ENTD involuntary movements ENTDEND .Tiapride, a substituted ENTC benzamide ENTCEND
1	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND induced ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND
0	ENTC Tiapride ENTCEND had no effect on levodopa-induced early morning of "off-period" segmental ENTD dystonia ENTDEND
0	ENTD dystonia ENTDEND  These results fail to support the notion that levodopa-induced dyskinesias are caused by overstimulation of a separate group of ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC metoclopramide ENTCEND  reduced levodopa-induced peak dose involuntary movements in 16 patients with idiopathic Parkinson's disease. However, an unacceptable increase in disability from Parkinsonism with aggravation of end-of-dose akinesia led to its cessation in 14 patients. Tiapride had no effect on levodopa-induced early morning of "off-period" segmental ENTD dystonia ENTDEND
0	ENTC benzamide ENTCEND derivative closely related to metoclopramide, reduced levodopa-induced peak dose involuntary movements in 16 patients with idiopathic Parkinson's disease. However, an unacceptable increase in disability from Parkinsonism with aggravation of end-of-dose akinesia led to its cessation in 14 patients. Tiapride had no effect on levodopa-induced early morning of "off-period" segmental ENTD dystonia ENTDEND
0	ENTD dystonia ENTDEND  These results fail to support the notion that ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD HIV disease ENTDEND  Following a 3-week observation period, volunteers were treated with ENTC zidovudine ENTCEND
1	ENTC zidovudine ENTCEND 600 mg/day for 18 weeks, 900 mg/day for 9 weeks and 1200 mg/day for 9 weeks, followed by a washout period of 6 weeks after which they were re-started on 1200 mg/day or the highest tolerated dose at 8-hourly intervals. Subjects were randomly assigned to 4-hourly or 8-hourly regimens within CDC groups while taking 600 and 1200 mg/day. Clinical and laboratory evaluations were performed at 3-week intervals. Symptomatic adverse effects were present in 96% of subjects, most commonly ENTD nausea ENTDEND
1	ENTC zidovudine ENTCEND 600 mg/day for 18 weeks, 900 mg/day for 9 weeks and 1200 mg/day for 9 weeks, followed by a washout period of 6 weeks after which they were re-started on 1200 mg/day or the highest tolerated dose at 8-hourly intervals. Subjects were randomly assigned to 4-hourly or 8-hourly regimens within CDC groups while taking 600 and 1200 mg/day. Clinical and laboratory evaluations were performed at 3-week intervals. Symptomatic adverse effects were present in 96% of subjects, most commonly nausea (64%), ENTD fatigue ENTDEND
1	ENTC zidovudine ENTCEND 600 mg/day for 18 weeks, 900 mg/day for 9 weeks and 1200 mg/day for 9 weeks, followed by a washout period of 6 weeks after which they were re-started on 1200 mg/day or the highest tolerated dose at 8-hourly intervals. Subjects were randomly assigned to 4-hourly or 8-hourly regimens within CDC groups while taking 600 and 1200 mg/day. Clinical and laboratory evaluations were performed at 3-week intervals. Symptomatic adverse effects were present in 96% of subjects, most commonly nausea (64%), fatigue (55%) and ENTD headache ENTDEND
0	ENTC Capsaicin ENTCEND -induced muscle pain alters the excitability of the human jaw-stretch reflex.The pathophysiology of painful ENTD temporomandibular disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTC Capsaicin ENTCEND -induced ENTD muscle pain ENTDEND
1	ENTC Capsaicin ENTCEND (10 micro g) was injected into the masseter muscle to induce ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND elicited ENTD nephrotic ENTDEND
0	ENTC Hip-His-Leu ENTCEND cleavage by cortical homogenates) was determined by renal biopsy in 27 adult male Wistar rats. After 1 week of recovery, proteinuria was induced by adriamycin [1.5 mg/kg intravenously (i.v.) n = 18; controls, saline i.v. n = 9]. Proteinuria was measured every 2 weeks. After 12 weeks, rats were sacrificed and their kidneys harvested. RESULTS: As anticipated, adriamycin elicited ENTD nephrotic ENTDEND
0	ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND elicited nephrotic range proteinuria, renal interstitial damage and mild ENTD focal glomerulosclerosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC Hip-His-Leu ENTCEND cleavage by cortical homogenates) was determined by renal biopsy in 27 adult male Wistar rats. After 1 week of recovery, proteinuria was induced by adriamycin [1.5 mg/kg intravenously (i.v.) n = 18; controls, saline i.v. n = 9]. Proteinuria was measured every 2 weeks. After 12 weeks, rats were sacrificed and their kidneys harvested. RESULTS: As anticipated, adriamycin elicited nephrotic range proteinuria, renal interstitial damage and mild ENTD focal glomerulosclerosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND -induced ENTD renal damage ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal damage ENTDEND .BACKGROUND: In man, differences in ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal damage ENTDEND induced by a single injection of adriamycin in rats. METHODS: Renal ACE activity ( ENTC Hip-His-Leu ENTCEND
1	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND after ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND
0	ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND converting enzyme (ACE) levels, related to ACE (I/D) genotype, are associated with renal prognosis. This raises the hypothesis that individual differences in renal ACE activity are involved in renal susceptibility to inflicted damage. Therefore, we studied the predictive effect of renal ACE activity for the severity of renal damage induced by a single injection of adriamycin in rats. METHODS: Renal ACE activity (Hip-His-Leu cleavage by cortical homogenates) was determined by renal biopsy in 27 adult male Wistar rats. After 1 week of recovery, ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC Hip-His-Leu ENTCEND cleavage by cortical homogenates) was determined by renal biopsy in 27 adult male Wistar rats. After 1 week of recovery, ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC BCNU ENTCEND  chemotherapy for treatment of ENTD malignant gliomas ENTDEND
0	ENTC BCNU ENTCEND every 6 to 8 weeks, either by transfemoral catheterization of the internal carotid or vertebral artery or through a fully implantable intracarotid drug delivery system, beginning with a dose of 200 mg/sq m body surface area. Twelve patients with Grade III or IV astrocytomas were treated after partial resection of the ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTD visual loss ENTDEND decreased after the concentration of the ENTC ethanol ENTCEND
0	ENTC BCNU ENTCEND  A delayed complication in nine patients has been unilateral ENTD loss of vision ENTDEND
0	ENTD retinal vasculitis ENTDEND  The frequency of visual loss decreased after the concentration of the ENTC ethanol ENTCEND
1	ENTC BCNU ENTCEND  A delayed complication in nine patients has been unilateral loss of vision secondary to a ENTD retinal vasculitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC BCNU ENTCEND every 6 to 8 weeks, either by transfemoral catheterization of the internal carotid or vertebral artery or through a fully implantable intracarotid drug delivery system, beginning with a dose of 200 mg/sq m body surface area. Twelve patients with Grade III or IV astrocytomas were treated after partial resection of the tumor without prior radiation therapy. After two to seven cycles of chemotherapy, nine patients showed a decrease in tumor size and surrounding ENTD edema ENTDEND
0	ENTD astrocytomas ENTDEND  whose resection and irradiation therapy had failed, received two to eight courses of intra-arterial BCNU therapy. Seventeen of these had a response or were stable for a median of 20 weeks (range 6 to more than 66 weeks). The catheterization procedure is safe, with no immediate complication in 111 infusions of BCNU. A delayed complication in nine patients has been unilateral loss of vision secondary to a retinal vasculitis. The frequency of visual loss decreased after the concentration of the ENTC ethanol ENTCEND
0	ENTD astrocytomas ENTDEND  whose resection and irradiation therapy had failed, received two to eight courses of intra-arterial ENTC BCNU ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperthyroidism ENTDEND  The patient continued treatment for another 4 days after the appearance of jaundice until she finished both medications. When seen at the emergency department 2 weeks later, she still had severe icterus, pruritus, and hyperbilirubinemia, formed mainly of the conjugated fraction. Methimazole-induced cholestasis was diagnosed, and propranolol therapy was resumed. Over the following 9 days, the symptoms improved and plasma ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTC methimazole ENTCEND (10 mg tid) and propranolol (20 mg tid) for treatment of ENTD hyperthyroidism ENTDEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND (20 mg tid) for treatment of ENTD hyperthyroidism ENTDEND
0	ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND levels were normal after 12 weeks without methimazole. In rare cases within the first few weeks of therapy, this drug can cause severe and reversible ENTD cholestatic jaundice ENTDEND
1	ENTD cholestatic jaundice ENTDEND . ENTC Methimazole ENTCEND
0	ENTD cholestatic jaundice ENTDEND .Methimazole is a widely used and generally well-tolerated antithyroid agent. A 43-year-old woman had severe jaundice and itching 1 month after receiving methimazole (10 mg tid) and ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD cholestasis ENTDEND was diagnosed, and propranolol therapy was resumed. Over the following 9 days, the symptoms improved and plasma ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTC Methimazole ENTCEND induced ENTD cholestasis ENTDEND
0	ENTD cholestasis ENTDEND was diagnosed, and ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperbilirubinemia ENTDEND  formed mainly of the conjugated fraction. Methimazole-induced cholestasis was diagnosed, and propranolol therapy was resumed. Over the following 9 days, the symptoms improved and plasma ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
1	ENTD hyperbilirubinemia ENTDEND  formed mainly of the conjugated fraction. ENTC Methimazole ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperbilirubinemia ENTDEND  formed mainly of the conjugated fraction. Methimazole-induced cholestasis was diagnosed, and ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD icterus ENTDEND  pruritus, and hyperbilirubinemia, formed mainly of the conjugated fraction. Methimazole-induced cholestasis was diagnosed, and propranolol therapy was resumed. Over the following 9 days, the symptoms improved and plasma ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTD jaundice ENTDEND and itching 1 month after receiving ENTC methimazole ENTCEND
0	ENTD jaundice ENTDEND and itching 1 month after receiving methimazole (10 mg tid) and ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD pruritus ENTDEND  and hyperbilirubinemia, formed mainly of the conjugated fraction. Methimazole-induced cholestasis was diagnosed, and propranolol therapy was resumed. Over the following 9 days, the symptoms improved and plasma ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
1	ENTD itching ENTDEND 1 month after receiving ENTC methimazole ENTCEND
0	ENTD itching ENTDEND 1 month after receiving methimazole (10 mg tid) and ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
1	ENTC PAN ENTCEND induced ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTD Nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND is often accompanied by ENTC sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND  The decreased abundance of NHE3, BSC-1, TSC, and Na- ENTC K ENTCEND
0	ENTC thiazide ENTCEND sensitive Na(+)-Cl(-) cotransporter (TSC) were decreased. Moreover, the abundance of the alpha(1)-subunit of the Na-K-ATPase was decreased in the cortex and ISOM, but it remained unchanged in the IM. In conclusion, the increased or sustained expression of ENaC subunits combined with increased apical targeting in the DCT2, connecting tubule, and collecting duct are likely to play a role in the sodium retention associated with PAN-induced ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC Cl ENTCEND -) cotransporter (TSC) were decreased. Moreover, the abundance of the alpha(1)-subunit of the Na-K-ATPase was decreased in the cortex and ISOM, but it remained unchanged in the IM. In conclusion, the increased or sustained expression of ENaC subunits combined with increased apical targeting in the DCT2, connecting tubule, and collecting duct are likely to play a role in the sodium retention associated with PAN-induced ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC H ENTCEND +) exchanger type 3 (NHE3), Na(+)-K(+)-2Cl(-) cotransporter (BSC-1), and thiazide-sensitive Na(+)-Cl(-) cotransporter (TSC) were decreased. Moreover, the abundance of the alpha(1)-subunit of the Na-K-ATPase was decreased in the cortex and ISOM, but it remained unchanged in the IM. In conclusion, the increased or sustained expression of ENaC subunits combined with increased apical targeting in the DCT2, connecting tubule, and collecting duct are likely to play a role in the sodium retention associated with PAN-induced ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND
1	ENTC PAN ENTCEND treatment induced significant proteinuria, ENTD hypoalbuminemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypoalbuminemia ENTDEND  decreased urinary ENTC sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypoalbuminemia ENTDEND  decreased urinary sodium excretion, and extensive ascites. The protein abundance of alpha-ENaC and beta-ENaC was increased in the inner stripe of the outer medulla (ISOM) and in the inner medulla (IM) but was not altered in the cortex. gamma-ENaC abundance was increased in the cortex, ISOM, and IM. Immunoperoxidase brightfield- and laser-scanning confocal fluorescence microscopy demonstrated increased targeting of alpha-ENaC, beta-ENaC, and gamma-ENaC subunits to the apical plasma membrane in the distal convoluted tubule (DCT2), connecting tubule, and cortical and medullary collecting duct segments. Immunoelectron microscopy further revealed an increased labeling of alpha-ENaC in the apical plasma membrane of cortical collecting duct principal cells of PAN-treated rats, indicating enhanced apical targeting of alpha-ENaC subunits. In contrast, the protein abundances of Na(+)/H(+) exchanger type 3 (NHE3), Na(+)- ENTC K ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypoalbuminemia ENTDEND  decreased urinary sodium excretion, and extensive ascites. The protein abundance of alpha-ENaC and beta-ENaC was increased in the inner stripe of the outer medulla (ISOM) and in the inner medulla (IM) but was not altered in the cortex. gamma-ENaC abundance was increased in the cortex, ISOM, and IM. Immunoperoxidase brightfield- and laser-scanning confocal fluorescence microscopy demonstrated increased targeting of alpha-ENaC, beta-ENaC, and gamma-ENaC subunits to the apical plasma membrane in the distal convoluted tubule (DCT2), connecting tubule, and cortical and medullary collecting duct segments. Immunoelectron microscopy further revealed an increased labeling of alpha-ENaC in the apical plasma membrane of cortical collecting duct principal cells of PAN-treated rats, indicating enhanced apical targeting of alpha-ENaC subunits. In contrast, the protein abundances of Na(+)/H(+) exchanger type 3 (NHE3), Na(+)-K(+)-2Cl(-) cotransporter (BSC-1), and ENTC thiazide ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypoalbuminemia ENTDEND  decreased urinary sodium excretion, and extensive ascites. The protein abundance of alpha-ENaC and beta-ENaC was increased in the inner stripe of the outer medulla (ISOM) and in the inner medulla (IM) but was not altered in the cortex. gamma-ENaC abundance was increased in the cortex, ISOM, and IM. Immunoperoxidase brightfield- and laser-scanning confocal fluorescence microscopy demonstrated increased targeting of alpha-ENaC, beta-ENaC, and gamma-ENaC subunits to the apical plasma membrane in the distal convoluted tubule (DCT2), connecting tubule, and cortical and medullary collecting duct segments. Immunoelectron microscopy further revealed an increased labeling of alpha-ENaC in the apical plasma membrane of cortical collecting duct principal cells of PAN-treated rats, indicating enhanced apical targeting of alpha-ENaC subunits. In contrast, the protein abundances of Na(+)/H(+) exchanger type 3 (NHE3), Na(+)-K(+)-2 ENTC Cl ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypoalbuminemia ENTDEND  decreased urinary sodium excretion, and extensive ascites. The protein abundance of alpha-ENaC and beta-ENaC was increased in the inner stripe of the outer medulla (ISOM) and in the inner medulla (IM) but was not altered in the cortex. gamma-ENaC abundance was increased in the cortex, ISOM, and IM. Immunoperoxidase brightfield- and laser-scanning confocal fluorescence microscopy demonstrated increased targeting of alpha-ENaC, beta-ENaC, and gamma-ENaC subunits to the apical plasma membrane in the distal convoluted tubule (DCT2), connecting tubule, and cortical and medullary collecting duct segments. Immunoelectron microscopy further revealed an increased labeling of alpha-ENaC in the apical plasma membrane of cortical collecting duct principal cells of PAN-treated rats, indicating enhanced apical targeting of alpha-ENaC subunits. In contrast, the protein abundances of Na(+)/ ENTC H ENTCEND
1	ENTC PAN ENTCEND treatment induced significant proteinuria, hypoalbuminemia, decreased urinary sodium excretion, and extensive ENTD ascites ENTDEND
0	ENTC sodium ENTCEND excretion, and extensive ENTD ascites ENTDEND
0	ENTD ascites ENTDEND  The protein abundance of alpha-ENaC and beta-ENaC was increased in the inner stripe of the outer medulla (ISOM) and in the inner medulla (IM) but was not altered in the cortex. gamma-ENaC abundance was increased in the cortex, ISOM, and IM. Immunoperoxidase brightfield- and laser-scanning confocal fluorescence microscopy demonstrated increased targeting of alpha-ENaC, beta-ENaC, and gamma-ENaC subunits to the apical plasma membrane in the distal convoluted tubule (DCT2), connecting tubule, and cortical and medullary collecting duct segments. Immunoelectron microscopy further revealed an increased labeling of alpha-ENaC in the apical plasma membrane of cortical collecting duct principal cells of PAN-treated rats, indicating enhanced apical targeting of alpha-ENaC subunits. In contrast, the protein abundances of Na(+)/H(+) exchanger type 3 (NHE3), Na(+)- ENTC K ENTCEND
0	ENTD ascites ENTDEND  The protein abundance of alpha-ENaC and beta-ENaC was increased in the inner stripe of the outer medulla (ISOM) and in the inner medulla (IM) but was not altered in the cortex. gamma-ENaC abundance was increased in the cortex, ISOM, and IM. Immunoperoxidase brightfield- and laser-scanning confocal fluorescence microscopy demonstrated increased targeting of alpha-ENaC, beta-ENaC, and gamma-ENaC subunits to the apical plasma membrane in the distal convoluted tubule (DCT2), connecting tubule, and cortical and medullary collecting duct segments. Immunoelectron microscopy further revealed an increased labeling of alpha-ENaC in the apical plasma membrane of cortical collecting duct principal cells of PAN-treated rats, indicating enhanced apical targeting of alpha-ENaC subunits. In contrast, the protein abundances of Na(+)/H(+) exchanger type 3 (NHE3), Na(+)-K(+)-2Cl(-) cotransporter (BSC-1), and ENTC thiazide ENTCEND
0	ENTD ascites ENTDEND  The protein abundance of alpha-ENaC and beta-ENaC was increased in the inner stripe of the outer medulla (ISOM) and in the inner medulla (IM) but was not altered in the cortex. gamma-ENaC abundance was increased in the cortex, ISOM, and IM. Immunoperoxidase brightfield- and laser-scanning confocal fluorescence microscopy demonstrated increased targeting of alpha-ENaC, beta-ENaC, and gamma-ENaC subunits to the apical plasma membrane in the distal convoluted tubule (DCT2), connecting tubule, and cortical and medullary collecting duct segments. Immunoelectron microscopy further revealed an increased labeling of alpha-ENaC in the apical plasma membrane of cortical collecting duct principal cells of PAN-treated rats, indicating enhanced apical targeting of alpha-ENaC subunits. In contrast, the protein abundances of Na(+)/H(+) exchanger type 3 (NHE3), Na(+)-K(+)-2 ENTC Cl ENTCEND
0	ENTD ascites ENTDEND  The protein abundance of alpha-ENaC and beta-ENaC was increased in the inner stripe of the outer medulla (ISOM) and in the inner medulla (IM) but was not altered in the cortex. gamma-ENaC abundance was increased in the cortex, ISOM, and IM. Immunoperoxidase brightfield- and laser-scanning confocal fluorescence microscopy demonstrated increased targeting of alpha-ENaC, beta-ENaC, and gamma-ENaC subunits to the apical plasma membrane in the distal convoluted tubule (DCT2), connecting tubule, and cortical and medullary collecting duct segments. Immunoelectron microscopy further revealed an increased labeling of alpha-ENaC in the apical plasma membrane of cortical collecting duct principal cells of PAN-treated rats, indicating enhanced apical targeting of alpha-ENaC subunits. In contrast, the protein abundances of Na(+)/ ENTC H ENTCEND
0	ENTC puromycin aminonucleoside ENTCEND -induced nephrotic syndrome in rats.Nephrotic syndrome is often accompanied by sodium retention and generalized ENTD edema ENTDEND
0	ENTC sodium ENTCEND retention and generalized ENTD edema ENTDEND
1	ENTC PAN ENTCEND treatment induced significant ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND  hypoalbuminemia, decreased urinary ENTC sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND  hypoalbuminemia, decreased urinary sodium excretion, and extensive ascites. The protein abundance of alpha-ENaC and beta-ENaC was increased in the inner stripe of the outer medulla (ISOM) and in the inner medulla (IM) but was not altered in the cortex. gamma-ENaC abundance was increased in the cortex, ISOM, and IM. Immunoperoxidase brightfield- and laser-scanning confocal fluorescence microscopy demonstrated increased targeting of alpha-ENaC, beta-ENaC, and gamma-ENaC subunits to the apical plasma membrane in the distal convoluted tubule (DCT2), connecting tubule, and cortical and medullary collecting duct segments. Immunoelectron microscopy further revealed an increased labeling of alpha-ENaC in the apical plasma membrane of cortical collecting duct principal cells of PAN-treated rats, indicating enhanced apical targeting of alpha-ENaC subunits. In contrast, the protein abundances of Na(+)/H(+) exchanger type 3 (NHE3), Na(+)- ENTC K ENTCEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND  hypoalbuminemia, decreased urinary sodium excretion, and extensive ascites. The protein abundance of alpha-ENaC and beta-ENaC was increased in the inner stripe of the outer medulla (ISOM) and in the inner medulla (IM) but was not altered in the cortex. gamma-ENaC abundance was increased in the cortex, ISOM, and IM. Immunoperoxidase brightfield- and laser-scanning confocal fluorescence microscopy demonstrated increased targeting of alpha-ENaC, beta-ENaC, and gamma-ENaC subunits to the apical plasma membrane in the distal convoluted tubule (DCT2), connecting tubule, and cortical and medullary collecting duct segments. Immunoelectron microscopy further revealed an increased labeling of alpha-ENaC in the apical plasma membrane of cortical collecting duct principal cells of PAN-treated rats, indicating enhanced apical targeting of alpha-ENaC subunits. In contrast, the protein abundances of Na(+)/H(+) exchanger type 3 (NHE3), Na(+)-K(+)-2Cl(-) cotransporter (BSC-1), and ENTC thiazide ENTCEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND  hypoalbuminemia, decreased urinary sodium excretion, and extensive ascites. The protein abundance of alpha-ENaC and beta-ENaC was increased in the inner stripe of the outer medulla (ISOM) and in the inner medulla (IM) but was not altered in the cortex. gamma-ENaC abundance was increased in the cortex, ISOM, and IM. Immunoperoxidase brightfield- and laser-scanning confocal fluorescence microscopy demonstrated increased targeting of alpha-ENaC, beta-ENaC, and gamma-ENaC subunits to the apical plasma membrane in the distal convoluted tubule (DCT2), connecting tubule, and cortical and medullary collecting duct segments. Immunoelectron microscopy further revealed an increased labeling of alpha-ENaC in the apical plasma membrane of cortical collecting duct principal cells of PAN-treated rats, indicating enhanced apical targeting of alpha-ENaC subunits. In contrast, the protein abundances of Na(+)/H(+) exchanger type 3 (NHE3), Na(+)-K(+)-2 ENTC Cl ENTCEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND  hypoalbuminemia, decreased urinary sodium excretion, and extensive ascites. The protein abundance of alpha-ENaC and beta-ENaC was increased in the inner stripe of the outer medulla (ISOM) and in the inner medulla (IM) but was not altered in the cortex. gamma-ENaC abundance was increased in the cortex, ISOM, and IM. Immunoperoxidase brightfield- and laser-scanning confocal fluorescence microscopy demonstrated increased targeting of alpha-ENaC, beta-ENaC, and gamma-ENaC subunits to the apical plasma membrane in the distal convoluted tubule (DCT2), connecting tubule, and cortical and medullary collecting duct segments. Immunoelectron microscopy further revealed an increased labeling of alpha-ENaC in the apical plasma membrane of cortical collecting duct principal cells of PAN-treated rats, indicating enhanced apical targeting of alpha-ENaC subunits. In contrast, the protein abundances of Na(+)/ ENTC H ENTCEND
0	ENTC morphine ENTCEND infusion. There was also a higher incidence of ENTD tachyarrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND (mean 192 mg) in the 24-h period following upper abdominal surgery. Monitoring consisted of airflow detection by a carbon dioxide analyser, chest wall movement detected by pneumatic capsules, and continuous electrocardiograph recorded with a Holter ambulatory monitor. Both obstructive (P less than 0.05) and central apnoea (P less than 0.05) occurred more frequently in patients who had a morphine infusion. There was also a higher incidence of ENTD tachyarrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbon dioxide ENTCEND analyser, chest wall movement detected by pneumatic capsules, and continuous electrocardiograph recorded with a Holter ambulatory monitor. Both obstructive (P less than 0.05) and central apnoea (P less than 0.05) occurred more frequently in patients who had a morphine infusion. There was also a higher incidence of ENTD tachyarrhythmias ENTDEND
1	ENTD obstructive (P less than 0.05) and central apnoea ENTDEND (P less than 0.05) occurred more frequently in patients who had a ENTC morphine ENTCEND
0	ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND (mean 192 mg) in the 24-h period following upper abdominal surgery. Monitoring consisted of airflow detection by a carbon dioxide analyser, chest wall movement detected by pneumatic capsules, and continuous electrocardiograph recorded with a Holter ambulatory monitor. Both ENTD obstructive (P less than 0.05) and central apnoea ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbon dioxide ENTCEND analyser, chest wall movement detected by pneumatic capsules, and continuous electrocardiograph recorded with a Holter ambulatory monitor. Both ENTD obstructive (P less than 0.05) and central apnoea ENTDEND
1	ENTD obstructive (P less than 0.05) and central apnoea ENTDEND (P less than 0.05) occurred more frequently in patients who had a ENTC morphine ENTCEND
0	ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND (mean 192 mg) in the 24-h period following upper abdominal surgery. Monitoring consisted of airflow detection by a carbon dioxide analyser, chest wall movement detected by pneumatic capsules, and continuous electrocardiograph recorded with a Holter ambulatory monitor. Both ENTD obstructive (P less than 0.05) and central apnoea ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbon dioxide ENTCEND analyser, chest wall movement detected by pneumatic capsules, and continuous electrocardiograph recorded with a Holter ambulatory monitor. Both ENTD obstructive (P less than 0.05) and central apnoea ENTDEND
0	ENTD apnoea ENTDEND was compared between five patients receiving a continuous i.v. infusion of ENTC morphine ENTCEND
0	ENTD apnoea ENTDEND was compared between five patients receiving a continuous i.v. infusion of morphine (mean 73.6 mg) and five patients receiving a continuous extradural infusion of 0.25% ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD apnoea ENTDEND was compared between five patients receiving a continuous i.v. infusion of morphine (mean 73.6 mg) and five patients receiving a continuous extradural infusion of 0.25% bupivacaine (mean 192 mg) in the 24-h period following upper abdominal surgery. Monitoring consisted of airflow detection by a ENTC carbon dioxide ENTCEND
1	ENTD ventricular ectopic beats ENTDEND (P less than 0.05) in the ENTC morphine ENTCEND
0	ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND (mean 192 mg) in the 24-h period following upper abdominal surgery. Monitoring consisted of airflow detection by a carbon dioxide analyser, chest wall movement detected by pneumatic capsules, and continuous electrocardiograph recorded with a Holter ambulatory monitor. Both obstructive (P less than 0.05) and central apnoea (P less than 0.05) occurred more frequently in patients who had a morphine infusion. There was also a higher incidence of tachyarrhythmias (P less than 0.05) and ENTD ventricular ectopic beats ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbon dioxide ENTCEND analyser, chest wall movement detected by pneumatic capsules, and continuous electrocardiograph recorded with a Holter ambulatory monitor. Both obstructive (P less than 0.05) and central apnoea (P less than 0.05) occurred more frequently in patients who had a morphine infusion. There was also a higher incidence of tachyarrhythmias (P less than 0.05) and ENTD ventricular ectopic beats ENTDEND
0	ENTD Rabbit syndrome ENTDEND , ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND
1	ENTD rabbit syndrome ENTDEND is an extrapyramidal side effect associated with chronic neuroleptic therapy. Its occurrence in a patient being treated with ENTC imipramine ENTCEND
0	ENTC antidepressants ENTCEND  Repeated cerebral perfusion SPECT scans revealed decreased basal ganglia perfusion while the ENTD movement disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTC imipramine ENTCEND is described, representing the first reported case of this syndrome in conjunction with antidepressants. Repeated cerebral perfusion SPECT scans revealed decreased basal ganglia perfusion while the ENTD movement disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTD glomerulonephritis ENTDEND  5/6 rats given ENTC DX ENTCEND
0	ENTC cyanoacrylate ENTCEND  nanoparticles.Acute doxorubicin-loaded nanoparticle (DXNP) renal toxicity was explored in both normal rats and rats with experimental ENTD glomerulonephritis ENTDEND
0	ENTC DX ENTCEND  despite of an enhanced renal toxicity of the former. Both effects (better survival and ENTD nephrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal toxicity ENTDEND  of ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal toxicity ENTDEND  of doxorubicin (adriamycin)-loaded ENTC cyanoacrylate ENTCEND
1	ENTC DX ENTCEND  Free NP did not provoke any ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyanoacrylate ENTCEND  nanoparticles.Acute doxorubicin-loaded nanoparticle (DXNP) renal toxicity was explored in both normal rats and rats with experimental glomerulonephritis. In normal rats, 2/6 rats given free doxorubicin (DX) (5 mg/kg) died within one week, whereas all control animals and all rats having received free NP or DXNP survived. A 3 times higher ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC etoposide ENTCEND  in a man with no risk factors for ENTD coronary heart disease ENTDEND
1	ENTC Etoposide ENTCEND -related ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTD somnolence ENTDEND depressed mood, neuropathy and dyspnea. Of concern was the occurrence of four thromboembolic events. Our results failed to demonstrate an important response rate to single agent ENTC thalidomide ENTCEND
0	ENTD somnolence ENTDEND depressed mood, neuropathy and dyspnea. Of concern was the occurrence of four thromboembolic events. Our results failed to demonstrate an important response rate to single agent thalidomide in indolent lymphomas and contrast with the higher activity level reported with the second generation immunomodulatory agent, ENTC lenalidomide ENTCEND
0	ENTD Cancer ENTDEND  and Leukemia Group B. ENTC Thalidomide ENTCEND
1	ENTD thromboembolic ENTDEND events. Our results failed to demonstrate an important response rate to single agent ENTC thalidomide ENTCEND
0	ENTD thromboembolic ENTDEND events. Our results failed to demonstrate an important response rate to single agent thalidomide in indolent lymphomas and contrast with the higher activity level reported with the second generation immunomodulatory agent, ENTC lenalidomide ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND and dyspnea. Of concern was the occurrence of four thromboembolic events. Our results failed to demonstrate an important response rate to single agent ENTC thalidomide ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND and dyspnea. Of concern was the occurrence of four thromboembolic events. Our results failed to demonstrate an important response rate to single agent thalidomide in indolent lymphomas and contrast with the higher activity level reported with the second generation immunomodulatory agent, ENTC lenalidomide ENTCEND
0	ENTC Thalidomide ENTCEND is an immunomodulatory agent with demonstrated activity in multiple myeloma, ENTD mantle cell lymphoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD depressed mood ENTDEND  neuropathy and dyspnea. Of concern was the occurrence of four thromboembolic events. Our results failed to demonstrate an important response rate to single agent ENTC thalidomide ENTCEND
0	ENTD depressed mood ENTDEND  neuropathy and dyspnea. Of concern was the occurrence of four thromboembolic events. Our results failed to demonstrate an important response rate to single agent thalidomide in indolent lymphomas and contrast with the higher activity level reported with the second generation immunomodulatory agent, ENTC lenalidomide ENTCEND
0	ENTD non-Hodgkin lymphomas ENTDEND : a phase II trial of the Cancer and Leukemia Group B. ENTC Thalidomide ENTCEND
0	ENTC Thalidomide ENTCEND is an immunomodulatory agent with demonstrated activity in ENTD multiple myeloma ENTDEND
0	ENTD myelosuppression ENTDEND  fatigue, somnolence/depressed mood, neuropathy and dyspnea. Of concern was the occurrence of four thromboembolic events. Our results failed to demonstrate an important response rate to single agent ENTC thalidomide ENTCEND
0	ENTD myelosuppression ENTDEND  fatigue, somnolence/depressed mood, neuropathy and dyspnea. Of concern was the occurrence of four thromboembolic events. Our results failed to demonstrate an important response rate to single agent thalidomide in indolent lymphomas and contrast with the higher activity level reported with the second generation immunomodulatory agent, ENTC lenalidomide ENTCEND
0	ENTD lymphomas ENTDEND received ENTC thalidomide ENTCEND
0	ENTD lymphomas ENTDEND and contrast with the higher activity level reported with the second generation immunomodulatory agent, ENTC lenalidomide ENTCEND
0	ENTD fatigue ENTDEND  somnolence/depressed mood, neuropathy and dyspnea. Of concern was the occurrence of four thromboembolic events. Our results failed to demonstrate an important response rate to single agent ENTC thalidomide ENTCEND
0	ENTD fatigue ENTDEND  somnolence/depressed mood, neuropathy and dyspnea. Of concern was the occurrence of four thromboembolic events. Our results failed to demonstrate an important response rate to single agent thalidomide in indolent lymphomas and contrast with the higher activity level reported with the second generation immunomodulatory agent, ENTC lenalidomide ENTCEND
0	ENTD Leukemia ENTDEND  Group B. ENTC Thalidomide ENTCEND
0	ENTD dyspnea ENTDEND  Of concern was the occurrence of four thromboembolic events. Our results failed to demonstrate an important response rate to single agent ENTC thalidomide ENTCEND
0	ENTD dyspnea ENTDEND  Of concern was the occurrence of four thromboembolic events. Our results failed to demonstrate an important response rate to single agent thalidomide in indolent lymphomas and contrast with the higher activity level reported with the second generation immunomodulatory agent, ENTC lenalidomide ENTCEND
0	ENTD blood coagulation ENTDEND in vitro. In the in vivo study, the administration (50 mg/kg, i.p.) of TET and ENTC FAN ENTCEND
0	ENTC bisbenzylisoquinoline ENTCEND structure. The present study was undertaken to investigate the effects of TET and FAN on the experimental thrombosis induced by collagen plus epinephrine (EP) in mice, and platelet aggregation and ENTD blood coagulation ENTDEND
0	ENTD blood coagulation ENTDEND in vitro. In the in vivo study, the administration (50 mg/kg, i.p.) of ENTC TET ENTCEND
0	ENTD blood coagulation ENTDEND in vitro. In the in vivo study, the administration (50 mg/kg, i.p.) of TET and FAN in mice showed the inhibition of thrombosis by 55% and 35%, respectively, while ENTC acetylsalicylic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC EP ENTCEND  in mice, and platelet aggregation and ENTD blood coagulation ENTDEND
0	ENTD platelet aggregation ENTDEND .Tetrandrine (TET) and ENTC fangchinoline ENTCEND
0	ENTD platelet aggregation ENTDEND .Tetrandrine (TET) and fangchinoline (FAN) are two naturally occurring analogues with a ENTC bisbenzylisoquinoline ENTCEND
0	ENTD platelet aggregation ENTDEND . ENTC Tetrandrine ENTCEND
0	ENTC ASA ENTCEND  50 mg/kg, i.p.), a positive control, showed only 30% inhibition. In the vitro human ENTD platelet aggregations ENTDEND
0	ENTC EP ENTCEND  in mice, and ENTD platelet aggregation ENTDEND
0	ENTC FAN ENTCEND on the experimental ENTD thrombosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC bisbenzylisoquinoline ENTCEND structure. The present study was undertaken to investigate the effects of TET and FAN on the experimental ENTD thrombosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC TET ENTCEND and FAN on the experimental ENTD thrombosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD thrombosis ENTDEND by 55% and 35%, respectively, while ENTC acetylsalicylic acid ENTCEND
1	ENTD thrombosis ENTDEND induced by collagen plus ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTD radiation injury ENTDEND to the fetus, so a coronary angiogram was postponed until the second trimester. It showed normal coronary vessels. CONCLUSION: This appears to be the first reported case documenting a possible association between ENTC CC ENTCEND
1	ENTC CC ENTCEND  Spontaneous coronary thrombosis or ENTD thromboembolism ENTDEND
0	ENTC CC ENTCEND and myocardial infarction. ENTD Thrombosis ENTDEND
1	ENTC CC ENTCEND and ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTC CC ENTCEND for ovulation induction and presented with ENTD chest pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC CC ENTCEND  Spontaneous ENTD coronary thrombosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC triglycerides ENTCEND (9% to 18%), and increases in HDL cholesterol (6.7% to 8.6%). Depending on the dose, from 82% to 95% of lovastatin-treated women achieved the National Cholesterol Education Program goal of LDL cholesterol levels less than 4.14 mmol/L (160 mg/dL), and 40% to 87% achieved the goal of 3.36 mmol/L (130 mg/dL). Successive transaminase elevations greater than three times the upper limit of normal occurred in 0.1% of women and were dose dependent above the 20-mg dose. ENTD Myopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC cholesterol ENTCEND levels less than 4.14 mmol/L (160 mg/dL), and 40% to 87% achieved the goal of 3.36 mmol/L (130 mg/dL). Successive transaminase elevations greater than three times the upper limit of normal occurred in 0.1% of women and were dose dependent above the 20-mg dose. ENTD Myopathy ENTDEND
1	ENTD Myopathy ENTDEND  defined as muscle symptoms with creatine kinase elevations greater than 10 times the upper limit of normal, was rare and associated with the highest recommended daily dose of ENTC lovastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD Myopathy ENTDEND  defined as muscle symptoms with ENTC creatine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypercholesterolemia ENTDEND  DESIGN: The Expanded Clinical Evaluation of Lovastatin (EXCEL) Study, a multicenter, double-blind, diet- and placebo-controlled trial, in which participants were randomly assigned to receive placebo or lovastatin at doses of 20 or 40 mg once daily, or 20 or 40 mg twice daily for 48 weeks. SETTING: Ambulatory patients recruited by 362 participating centers throughout the United States. PATIENTS: Women (n = 3390) from the total cohort of 8245 volunteers. MEASUREMENTS: Plasma total, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, and ENTC triglycerides ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypercholesterolemia ENTDEND  DESIGN: The Expanded Clinical Evaluation of Lovastatin (EXCEL) Study, a multicenter, double-blind, diet- and placebo-controlled trial, in which participants were randomly assigned to receive placebo or lovastatin at doses of 20 or 40 mg once daily, or 20 or 40 mg twice daily for 48 weeks. SETTING: Ambulatory patients recruited by 362 participating centers throughout the United States. PATIENTS: Women (n = 3390) from the total cohort of 8245 volunteers. MEASUREMENTS: Plasma total, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) ENTC cholesterol ENTCEND
0	ENTC lovastatin ENTCEND in women with moderate ENTD hypercholesterolemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND kinase elevations greater than 10 times the upper limit of normal, was rare and associated with the highest recommended daily dose of lovastatin (80 mg). Estrogen-replacement therapy appeared to have no effect on either the efficacy or safety profile of lovastatin. CONCLUSION: Lovastatin is highly effective and generally well tolerated as therapy for primary ENTD hypercholesterolemia ENTDEND
1	ENTD heart block ENTDEND  following a single dose of ENTC trazodone ENTCEND
1	ENTC nifedipine ENTCEND -induced facial ENTD telangiectasia ENTDEND
1	ENTC amlodipine ENTCEND 3 years later, with recurrence of ENTD telangiectasia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Adalat ENTCEND , two patients developed photodistributed facial telangiectasia, which became more noticeable with time. Neither patient complained of photosensitivity or ENTD flushing ENTDEND
0	ENTD flushing ENTDEND  Both patients reported a significant cosmetic improvement after discontinuing the drug. One commenced the closely related drug ENTC amlodipine ENTCEND
1	ENTC Cocaine ENTCEND  related ENTD chest pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  resulting from ocular instillation of ENTC echothiophate iodide ENTCEND
0	ENTC echothiophate iodide ENTCEND ophthalmic drops, presented with profound muscle weakness and was initially given the diagnosis of ENTD myasthenia gravis ENTDEND
1	ENTC echothiophate iodide ENTCEND ophthalmic drops, presented with profound ENTD muscle weakness ENTDEND
1	ENTD anemia ENTDEND  nausea, mild alopecia, phlebitis, and mucositis. Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. Adriamycinol, ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD anemia ENTDEND  nausea, mild alopecia, phlebitis, and mucositis. Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. ENTC Adriamycinol ENTCEND
0	ENTD anemia ENTDEND  nausea, mild alopecia, phlebitis, and mucositis. Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed ENTC Pirarubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD anemia ENTDEND  nausea, mild alopecia, phlebitis, and mucositis. Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. Adriamycinol, doxorubicin, ENTC adriamycinone ENTCEND
1	ENTD nausea ENTDEND  mild alopecia, phlebitis, and mucositis. Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. Adriamycinol, ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD nausea ENTDEND  mild alopecia, phlebitis, and mucositis. Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. ENTC Adriamycinol ENTCEND
0	ENTD nausea ENTDEND  mild alopecia, phlebitis, and mucositis. Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed ENTC Pirarubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD nausea ENTDEND  mild alopecia, phlebitis, and mucositis. Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. Adriamycinol, doxorubicin, ENTC adriamycinone ENTCEND
0	ENTC Pirarubicin ENTCEND  was done in 55 patients in good performance status with refractory ENTD tumors ENTDEND
1	ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND  anemia, nausea, mild alopecia, phlebitis, and mucositis. Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. Adriamycinol, ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND  anemia, nausea, mild alopecia, phlebitis, and mucositis. Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. ENTC Adriamycinol ENTCEND
0	ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND  anemia, nausea, mild alopecia, phlebitis, and mucositis. Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed ENTC Pirarubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND  anemia, nausea, mild alopecia, phlebitis, and mucositis. Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. Adriamycinol, doxorubicin, ENTC adriamycinone ENTCEND
1	ENTD alopecia ENTDEND  phlebitis, and mucositis. Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. Adriamycinol, ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD alopecia ENTDEND  phlebitis, and mucositis. Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. ENTC Adriamycinol ENTCEND
0	ENTD alopecia ENTDEND  phlebitis, and mucositis. Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed ENTC Pirarubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD alopecia ENTDEND  phlebitis, and mucositis. Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. Adriamycinol, doxorubicin, ENTC adriamycinone ENTCEND
0	ENTD granulocytopenia ENTDEND  Granulocyte nadir was on day 14 (range, 4-22). Less frequent toxic effects included thrombocytopenia, anemia, nausea, mild alopecia, phlebitis, and mucositis. Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed ENTC Pirarubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND was less than or equal to 10% of the total metabolites. Urinary excretion of Pirarubicin in the first 24 hours was less than or equal to 10%. Activity was noted in mesothelioma, ENTD leiomyosarcoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC Adriamycinol ENTCEND  doxorubicin, adriamycinone, and tetrahydropyranyladriamycinol were the metabolites detected in plasma and the amount of doxorubicin was less than or equal to 10% of the total metabolites. Urinary excretion of Pirarubicin in the first 24 hours was less than or equal to 10%. Activity was noted in mesothelioma, ENTD leiomyosarcoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC Pirarubicin ENTCEND in the first 24 hours was less than or equal to 10%. Activity was noted in mesothelioma, ENTD leiomyosarcoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC adriamycinone ENTCEND  and tetrahydropyranyladriamycinol were the metabolites detected in plasma and the amount of doxorubicin was less than or equal to 10% of the total metabolites. Urinary excretion of Pirarubicin in the first 24 hours was less than or equal to 10%. Activity was noted in mesothelioma, ENTD leiomyosarcoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND was less than or equal to 10% of the total metabolites. Urinary excretion of Pirarubicin in the first 24 hours was less than or equal to 10%. Activity was noted in ENTD mesothelioma ENTDEND
0	ENTC Adriamycinol ENTCEND  doxorubicin, adriamycinone, and tetrahydropyranyladriamycinol were the metabolites detected in plasma and the amount of doxorubicin was less than or equal to 10% of the total metabolites. Urinary excretion of Pirarubicin in the first 24 hours was less than or equal to 10%. Activity was noted in ENTD mesothelioma ENTDEND
0	ENTC Pirarubicin ENTCEND in the first 24 hours was less than or equal to 10%. Activity was noted in ENTD mesothelioma ENTDEND
0	ENTC adriamycinone ENTCEND  and tetrahydropyranyladriamycinol were the metabolites detected in plasma and the amount of doxorubicin was less than or equal to 10% of the total metabolites. Urinary excretion of Pirarubicin in the first 24 hours was less than or equal to 10%. Activity was noted in ENTD mesothelioma ENTDEND
0	ENTC Pirarubicin ENTCEND  was done in 55 patients in good performance status with refractory tumors. Twenty-six had minimal prior therapy (good risk), 23 had extensive prior therapy (poor risk), and six had ENTD renal and/or hepatic dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND was less than or equal to 10% of the total metabolites. Urinary excretion of Pirarubicin in the first 24 hours was less than or equal to 10%. Activity was noted in mesothelioma, leiomyosarcoma, and ENTD basal cell carcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC Adriamycinol ENTCEND  doxorubicin, adriamycinone, and tetrahydropyranyladriamycinol were the metabolites detected in plasma and the amount of doxorubicin was less than or equal to 10% of the total metabolites. Urinary excretion of Pirarubicin in the first 24 hours was less than or equal to 10%. Activity was noted in mesothelioma, leiomyosarcoma, and ENTD basal cell carcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC Pirarubicin ENTCEND in the first 24 hours was less than or equal to 10%. Activity was noted in mesothelioma, leiomyosarcoma, and ENTD basal cell carcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC adriamycinone ENTCEND  and tetrahydropyranyladriamycinol were the metabolites detected in plasma and the amount of doxorubicin was less than or equal to 10% of the total metabolites. Urinary excretion of Pirarubicin in the first 24 hours was less than or equal to 10%. Activity was noted in mesothelioma, leiomyosarcoma, and ENTD basal cell carcinoma ENTDEND
1	ENTD phlebitis ENTDEND  and mucositis. Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. Adriamycinol, ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD phlebitis ENTDEND  and mucositis. Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. ENTC Adriamycinol ENTCEND
0	ENTD phlebitis ENTDEND  and mucositis. Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed ENTC Pirarubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD phlebitis ENTDEND  and mucositis. Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. Adriamycinol, doxorubicin, ENTC adriamycinone ENTCEND
1	ENTD mucositis ENTDEND  Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. Adriamycinol, ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD mucositis ENTDEND  Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. ENTC Adriamycinol ENTCEND
0	ENTD mucositis ENTDEND  Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed ENTC Pirarubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD mucositis ENTDEND  Myelosuppression was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. Adriamycinol, doxorubicin, ENTC adriamycinone ENTCEND
0	ENTD Myelosuppression ENTDEND was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. Adriamycinol, ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD Myelosuppression ENTDEND was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. ENTC Adriamycinol ENTCEND
0	ENTD Myelosuppression ENTDEND was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed ENTC Pirarubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD Myelosuppression ENTDEND was more in patients with hepatic dysfunction. Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. Adriamycinol, doxorubicin, ENTC adriamycinone ENTCEND
0	ENTD hepatic dysfunction ENTDEND  Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. Adriamycinol, ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hepatic dysfunction ENTDEND  Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. ENTC Adriamycinol ENTCEND
0	ENTD hepatic dysfunction ENTDEND  Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed ENTC Pirarubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hepatic dysfunction ENTDEND  Pharmacokinetic analyses in 21 patients revealed Pirarubicin plasma T 1/2 alpha (+/- SE) of 2.5 +/- 0.85 minutes, T beta 1/2 of 25.6 +/- 6.5 minutes, and T 1/2 gamma of 23.6 +/- 7.6 hours. The area under the curve was 537 +/- 149 ng/ml x hours, volume of distribution (Vd) 3504 +/- 644 l/m2, and total clearance (ClT) was 204 + 39.3 l/hour/m2. Adriamycinol, doxorubicin, ENTC adriamycinone ENTCEND
0	ENTD albuminuria ENTDEND reaching 40.3 (32.2-62.0) mg/24 h after 8 months in contrast to the control animals (0.8 (0.2-0.9) mg/24 h, p<0.002). At the same time, the number of heparan sulphate anionic sites and the total anionic site surface (number of anionic sites x mean anionic site surface) in the lamina rara externa of the glomerular basement membrane was reduced by 19% (p<0.021) and by 26% (p<0.02), respectively. Number and total anionic site surface in the remaining part of the glomerular basement membrane (lamina densa and lamina rara interna) were not significantly changed. We conclude that in ENTC streptozotocin ENTCEND
0	ENTC cuprolinic blue ENTCEND staining was demonstrated by glycosaminoglycan-degrading enzymes, showing that pretreatment of the sections with heparitinase abolished all staining, whereas chondroitinase ABC had no effect. The majority of anionic sites (74% in diabetic and 81% in control rats) were found within the lamina rara externa of the glomerular basement membrane. A minority of anionic sites were scattered throughout the lamina densa and lamina rara interna, and were significantly smaller than those in the lamina rara externa of the glomerular basement membrane (p<0.001 and p<0.01 for diabetic and control rats, respectively). Diabetic rats progressively developed ENTD albuminuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC glycosaminoglycan ENTCEND degrading enzymes, showing that pretreatment of the sections with heparitinase abolished all staining, whereas chondroitinase ABC had no effect. The majority of anionic sites (74% in diabetic and 81% in control rats) were found within the lamina rara externa of the glomerular basement membrane. A minority of anionic sites were scattered throughout the lamina densa and lamina rara interna, and were significantly smaller than those in the lamina rara externa of the glomerular basement membrane (p<0.001 and p<0.01 for diabetic and control rats, respectively). Diabetic rats progressively developed ENTD albuminuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD albuminuria ENTDEND reaching 40.3 (32.2-62.0) mg/24 h after 8 months in contrast to the control animals (0.8 (0.2-0.9) mg/24 h, p<0.002). At the same time, the number of ENTC heparan sulphate ENTCEND
1	ENTC streptozotocin ENTCEND -induced ENTD diabetic nephropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD diabetic nephropathy ENTDEND .Heparan sulphate-associated anionic sites in the glomerular basement membrane were studied in rats 8 months after induction of diabetes by streptozotocin and in age- adn sex-matched control rats, employing the cationic dye ENTC cuprolinic blue ENTCEND
0	ENTD diabetic nephropathy ENTDEND .Heparan sulphate-associated anionic sites in the glomerular basement membrane were studied in rats 8 months after induction of diabetes by streptozotocin and in age- adn sex-matched control rats, employing the cationic dye cuprolinic blue. Morphometric analysis at the ultrastructural level was performed using a computerized image processor. The heparan sulphate specificity of the cuprolinic blue staining was demonstrated by ENTC glycosaminoglycan ENTCEND
0	ENTD diabetic nephropathy ENTDEND . ENTC Heparan sulphate ENTCEND
0	ENTC streptozotocin ENTCEND ENTD diabetic ENTDEND
0	ENTD diabetes ENTDEND by streptozotocin and in age- adn sex-matched control rats, employing the cationic dye ENTC cuprolinic blue ENTCEND
0	ENTC glycosaminoglycan ENTCEND degrading enzymes, showing that pretreatment of the sections with heparitinase abolished all staining, whereas chondroitinase ABC had no effect. The majority of anionic sites (74% in ENTD diabetic ENTDEND
0	ENTD diabetic ENTDEND rats with an increased urinary albumin excretion, a reduced ENTC heparan sulphate ENTCEND
1	ENTC alfentanil ENTCEND -induced ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND
0	ENTC Chlordiazepoxide ENTCEND at doses up to 10 mg/kg failed to significantly influence the ENTD rigidity ENTDEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND receptor antagonist, significantly attenuated the ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND
0	ENTD rigidity ENTDEND  animals that received ENTC ketanserin ENTCEND
0	ENTC alfentanil ENTCEND exhibited less rearing and exploratory behavior at the end of the 60-min recording period than did animals that received ketanserin alone. These results, in combination with previous work, suggest that muscle rigidity, a clinically relevant side-effect of parenteral narcotic administration, may be partly mediated via serotonergic pathways. Pretreatment with type-2 serotonin antagonists may be clinically useful in attenuating opiate-induced rigidity, although further studies will be necessary to assess the interaction of possibly enhanced CNS, ENTD cardiovascular, and respiratory depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC Chlordiazepoxide ENTCEND at doses up to 10 mg/kg failed to significantly influence the rigidity produced by alfentanil. Despite the absence of rigidity, animals that received ketanserin (greater than 0.31 mg/kg i.p.) followed by alfentanil were motionless, flaccid, and less responsive to external stimuli than were animals receiving alfentanil alone. Rats that received ketanserin and alfentanil exhibited less rearing and exploratory behavior at the end of the 60-min recording period than did animals that received ketanserin alone. These results, in combination with previous work, suggest that muscle rigidity, a clinically relevant side-effect of parenteral narcotic administration, may be partly mediated via serotonergic pathways. Pretreatment with type-2 serotonin antagonists may be clinically useful in attenuating opiate-induced rigidity, although further studies will be necessary to assess the interaction of possibly enhanced CNS, ENTD cardiovascular, and respiratory depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND antagonists may be clinically useful in attenuating opiate-induced rigidity, although further studies will be necessary to assess the interaction of possibly enhanced CNS, ENTD cardiovascular, and respiratory depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC ketanserin ENTCEND alone. These results, in combination with previous work, suggest that muscle rigidity, a clinically relevant side-effect of parenteral narcotic administration, may be partly mediated via serotonergic pathways. Pretreatment with type-2 serotonin antagonists may be clinically useful in attenuating opiate-induced rigidity, although further studies will be necessary to assess the interaction of possibly enhanced CNS, ENTD cardiovascular, and respiratory depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC alfentanil ENTCEND exhibited less rearing and exploratory behavior at the end of the 60-min recording period than did animals that received ketanserin alone. These results, in combination with previous work, suggest that muscle rigidity, a clinically relevant side-effect of parenteral narcotic administration, may be partly mediated via serotonergic pathways. Pretreatment with type-2 serotonin antagonists may be clinically useful in attenuating opiate-induced rigidity, although further studies will be necessary to assess the interaction of possibly enhanced CNS, ENTD cardiovascular, and respiratory depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC Chlordiazepoxide ENTCEND at doses up to 10 mg/kg failed to significantly influence the rigidity produced by alfentanil. Despite the absence of rigidity, animals that received ketanserin (greater than 0.31 mg/kg i.p.) followed by alfentanil were motionless, flaccid, and less responsive to external stimuli than were animals receiving alfentanil alone. Rats that received ketanserin and alfentanil exhibited less rearing and exploratory behavior at the end of the 60-min recording period than did animals that received ketanserin alone. These results, in combination with previous work, suggest that muscle rigidity, a clinically relevant side-effect of parenteral narcotic administration, may be partly mediated via serotonergic pathways. Pretreatment with type-2 serotonin antagonists may be clinically useful in attenuating opiate-induced rigidity, although further studies will be necessary to assess the interaction of possibly enhanced CNS, ENTD cardiovascular, and respiratory depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND antagonists may be clinically useful in attenuating opiate-induced rigidity, although further studies will be necessary to assess the interaction of possibly enhanced CNS, ENTD cardiovascular, and respiratory depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC ketanserin ENTCEND alone. These results, in combination with previous work, suggest that muscle rigidity, a clinically relevant side-effect of parenteral narcotic administration, may be partly mediated via serotonergic pathways. Pretreatment with type-2 serotonin antagonists may be clinically useful in attenuating opiate-induced rigidity, although further studies will be necessary to assess the interaction of possibly enhanced CNS, ENTD cardiovascular, and respiratory depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC Mg ENTCEND 2 ATPase when compared with ISO treated group and green tea or vitamin E alone treated groups. These findings indicate the synergistic protective effect of green tea and vitamin E during ISO induced ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTC Na ENTCEND /K+ ATPase and Mg+2 ATPase when compared with ISO treated group and green tea or vitamin E alone treated groups. These findings indicate the synergistic protective effect of green tea and vitamin E during ISO induced ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTC vitamin E ENTCEND during ISO induced ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTC green tea ENTCEND and vitamin E during ISO induced ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND in rats. Adult male albino rats, treated with ISO (200 mg/kg, s.c.) for 2 days at an interval of 24 h caused a significant (P<0.05) elevation of heart weight, serum marker enzymes, lipid peroxidation and ENTC Ca ENTCEND
0	ENTC K ENTCEND  ATPase and Mg+2 ATPase when compared with ISO treated group and green tea or vitamin E alone treated groups. These findings indicate the synergistic protective effect of green tea and vitamin E during ISO induced ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
1	ENTC ISO ENTCEND induced ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
1	ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND -induced ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC SM-5887 ENTCEND  low-grade ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND  derivative (SM-5887) on normal heart and doxorubicin-induced ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND induced ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiotoxic ENTDEND effect of ENTC SM-5887 ENTCEND
0	ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND  derivative (SM-5887) on normal heart and doxorubicin-induced cardiomyopathy in beagle dogs.This study was designed to investigate the chronic ENTD cardiotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTD glioma ENTDEND patients, ENTC mannitol ENTCEND
0	ENTD metastases ENTDEND patients plasma concentrations of ENTC mannitol ENTCEND
1	ENTC mannitol ENTCEND to reduce brain edema and lower ENTD elevated ICP ENTDEND
0	ENTD edematous ENTDEND white matter was taken at the same time as a 10 ml venous blood sample. ENTC Mannitol ENTCEND
0	ENTC mannitol ENTCEND to reduce ENTD brain edema ENTDEND
0	ENTD meningioma ENTDEND and metastases patients plasma concentrations of ENTC mannitol ENTCEND
0	ENTD brain tumor ENTDEND patients. METHODS: ENTC Mannitol ENTCEND
0	ENTC methylphenidate ENTCEND was replaced by fluvoxamine. The patient had no prior ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND
0	ENTC fluvoxamine ENTCEND  The patient had no prior ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND
0	ENTD treatment-resistant depression ENTDEND and early Alzheimer's disease was started on ENTC methylphenidate ENTCEND
0	ENTD treatment-resistant depression ENTDEND and early Alzheimer's disease was started on methylphenidate. Significant obsessive-compulsive behavior ensued but diminished over several weeks when methylphenidate was replaced by ENTC fluvoxamine ENTCEND
1	ENTC Methylphenidate ENTCEND -induced ENTD obsessive-compulsive symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTC fluvoxamine ENTCEND  The patient had no prior psychiatric history, but he had a sister with ENTD obsessive-compulsive disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTD Alzheimer's disease ENTDEND was started on ENTC methylphenidate ENTCEND
0	ENTD Alzheimer's disease ENTDEND was started on methylphenidate. Significant obsessive-compulsive behavior ensued but diminished over several weeks when methylphenidate was replaced by ENTC fluvoxamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC rapamycin ENTCEND , have no ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND and tacrolimus, have been available for almost 20 years. Although these drugs are highly effective and represent the mainstay of transplant immunosuppression, they are associated with acute and chronic ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC mycophenolate mofetil ENTCEND and sirolimus (rapamycin), have no ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND  have been available for almost 20 years. Although these drugs are highly effective and represent the mainstay of transplant immunosuppression, they are associated with acute and chronic ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTD interstitial nephritis ENTDEND  induced by ENTC azithromycin ENTCEND
0	ENTC azithromycin ENTCEND induced, acute interstitial nephritis. The second episode was more severe than the first; and although both were treated with intensive corticosteroid therapy, renal function remained impaired. Although most cases of antibiotic induced acute interstitial nephritis are benign and self-limited, some patients are at risk for permanent ENTD renal injury ENTDEND
0	ENTD headache ENTDEND and the concomitant ENTC CGRP ENTCEND
0	ENTD headache ENTDEND and the delayed genuine migraine attack provoked by ENTC nitroglycerin ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-HT ENTCEND  content during the immediate ENTD headache ENTDEND
0	ENTC NO ENTCEND -induced migraine attack: strong increase in plasma calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) concentration and negative correlation with platelet serotonin release.The aim of the present study was to investigate changes in the plasma calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) concentration and platelet serotonin (5-hydroxytriptamine, 5-HT) content during the immediate ENTD headache ENTDEND
0	ENTC CGRP ENTCEND and ENTD migraine ENTDEND
0	ENTD migraine ENTDEND attack provoked by ENTC nitroglycerin ENTCEND
0	ENTD migraine ENTDEND  In contrast, ENTC serotonin ENTCEND
0	ENTC NO ENTCEND -induced ENTD migraine ENTDEND
0	ENTC CGRP ENTCEND  concentration and platelet serotonin (5-hydroxytriptamine, 5-HT) content during the immediate headache and the delayed genuine migraine attack provoked by nitroglycerin. Fifteen female ENTD migraineurs (without aura) ENTDEND
1	ENTC nitroglycerin ENTCEND  Fifteen female ENTD migraineurs (without aura) ENTDEND
0	ENTC 5-HT ENTCEND  content during the immediate headache and the delayed genuine migraine attack provoked by nitroglycerin. Fifteen female ENTD migraineurs (without aura) ENTDEND
1	ENTC NO ENTCEND -induced migraine attack: strong increase in plasma calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) concentration and negative correlation with platelet serotonin release.The aim of the present study was to investigate changes in the plasma calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) concentration and platelet serotonin (5-hydroxytriptamine, 5-HT) content during the immediate headache and the delayed genuine migraine attack provoked by nitroglycerin. Fifteen female ENTD migraineurs (without aura) ENTDEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND potentiation. 3. D-1 agonist ENTC SKF 38393 ENTCEND
1	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND induced by ENTC fluphenazine ENTCEND
1	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND induced by fluphenazine, ENTC SCH 23390 ENTCEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND induced by ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
1	ENTC sulpiride ENTCEND induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC quinpirole ENTCEND decreased the ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC Steroid ENTCEND treatment resulted in morphologic changes in the trabecular meshwork similar to those reported for ENTD corticosteroid glaucoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND treated eyes. Steroid treatment resulted in morphologic changes in the trabecular meshwork similar to those reported for ENTD corticosteroid glaucoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD ocular hypertension ENTDEND in approximately 30% of the dexamethasone-treated eyes. ENTC Steroid ENTCEND
1	ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND treated ENTD hypertensive eyes ENTDEND
0	ENTC Steroid ENTCEND treatment resulted in morphologic changes in the trabecular meshwork similar to those reported for corticosteroid glaucoma and ENTD open angle glaucoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND treated eyes. Steroid treatment resulted in morphologic changes in the trabecular meshwork similar to those reported for corticosteroid glaucoma and ENTD open angle glaucoma ENTDEND
1	ENTC smoking ENTCEND has been positively associated with ENTD hearing loss ENTDEND
1	ENTD seizures ENTDEND  ENTC BE ENTCEND
1	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD death ENTDEND  those induced by ENTC BE ENTCEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND induced seizures were best characterized as brief, generalized, and tonic and resulted in ENTD death ENTDEND
0	ENTC benzoylecgonine ENTCEND  in rats.The half-life (t1/2) of cocaine is relatively short, but some of the consequences of its use, such as seizures and ENTD strokes ENTDEND
0	ENTD strokes ENTDEND  can occur hours after exposure. This led us to hypothesize that a metabolite of ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD lupus nephritis ENTDEND  Henoch-Schonlein nephritis, crescentic glomerulonephritis, and ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD interstitial nephritis ENTDEND  and acute tubular necrosis. RESULTS: We found PTCR in 14 of 15 cases of TG, in 7 transplant biopsy specimens without TG, and in 13 of 143 native kidney biopsy specimens. These 13 included cases of malignant hypertension, thrombotic microangiopathy, lupus nephritis, Henoch-Schonlein nephritis, crescentic glomerulonephritis, and ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND related acute renal failure. Mild PTCR in allografts without TG did not predict renal failure or significant ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD chronic allograft nephropathy ENTDEND and stable grafts ("protocol biopsies"). Native kidney specimens included a wide range of glomerulopathies as well as cases of thrombotic microangiopathy, malignant hypertension, acute interstitial nephritis, and acute tubular necrosis. RESULTS: We found PTCR in 14 of 15 cases of TG, in 7 transplant biopsy specimens without TG, and in 13 of 143 native kidney biopsy specimens. These 13 included cases of malignant hypertension, thrombotic microangiopathy, lupus nephritis, Henoch-Schonlein nephritis, crescentic glomerulonephritis, and ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND related acute renal failure. Mild PTCR in allografts without TG did not predict renal failure or significant proteinuria after follow-up periods of between 3 months and 1 year. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that in transplants, there is a strong association between well-developed PTCR and TG, while the significance of mild PTCR and its predictive value in the absence of TG is unclear. PTCR also occurs in certain native kidney diseases, though the association is not as strong as that for TG. We suggest that repeated endothelial injury, including ENTD immunologic injury ENTDEND
0	ENTD thrombotic microangiopathy ENTDEND  lupus nephritis, Henoch-Schonlein nephritis, crescentic glomerulonephritis, and ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Henoch-Schonlein nephritis ENTDEND  crescentic glomerulonephritis, and ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute tubular necrosis ENTDEND  RESULTS: We found PTCR in 14 of 15 cases of TG, in 7 transplant biopsy specimens without TG, and in 13 of 143 native kidney biopsy specimens. These 13 included cases of malignant hypertension, thrombotic microangiopathy, lupus nephritis, Henoch-Schonlein nephritis, crescentic glomerulonephritis, and ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND related acute renal failure. Mild PTCR in allografts without TG did not predict renal failure or significant proteinuria after follow-up periods of between 3 months and 1 year. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that in transplants, there is a strong association between well-developed PTCR and TG, while the significance of mild PTCR and its predictive value in the absence of TG is unclear. PTCR also occurs in certain native kidney diseases, though the association is not as strong as that for TG. We suggest that repeated ENTD endothelial injury ENTDEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND related acute renal failure. Mild PTCR in allografts without ENTD TG ENTDEND
1	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND related ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD glomerulonephritis ENTDEND  and ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND related acute renal failure. Mild PTCR in allografts without TG did not predict ENTD renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD malignant hypertension ENTDEND  thrombotic microangiopathy, lupus nephritis, Henoch-Schonlein nephritis, crescentic glomerulonephritis, and ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
1	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND that causes ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND  In contrast, two of four consecutive patients who received ENTC mesna ENTCEND
1	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND that causes ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND  In contrast, two of four consecutive patients who received ENTC mesna ENTCEND
1	ENTC Chlorpropamide ENTCEND -induced ENTD optic neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD adult-onset diabetes ENTDEND treated with ENTC chlorpropamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC chlorpropamide ENTCEND therapy. Visual loss occurs in ENTD diabetics ENTDEND
0	ENTC chlorpropamide ENTCEND therapy. ENTD Visual loss ENTDEND
0	ENTD cancer ENTDEND . ENTC Doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC dobutamine ENTCEND infusion to differentiate asymptomatic long-term survivors of childhood ENTD cancer ENTDEND
1	ENTC Doxorubicin ENTCEND is an effective anticancer chemotherapeutic agent known to cause acute and chronic ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND  To develop a more sensitive echocardiographic screening test for cardiac damage due to doxorubicin, a cohort study was performed using ENTC dobutamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac damage ENTDEND due to ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac damage ENTDEND due to doxorubicin, a cohort study was performed using ENTC dobutamine ENTCEND
1	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND in rats. BMCs obtained from green fluorescent protein (GFP) transgenic mice or rats were transplanted intravenously after induction of ENTD status epilepticus ENTDEND
0	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND in rats. BMCs obtained from green fluorescent protein (GFP) transgenic mice or rats were transplanted intravenously after induction of status epilepticus (SE). Spontaneous recurrent seizures (SRS) were monitored using Racine's ENTD seizure ENTDEND
1	ENTD epilepsy ENTDEND induced by ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND  agonist in children.BACKGROUND: Risperidone, a potent antagonist of both serotonergic (5HT2A) and dopaminergic D2 receptors is associated with hyperprolactinemia in adults and children. Chronically elevated prolactin levels in children with prolactinomas may be associated with arrested growth and development resulting in either delayed puberty or short stature. These possibilities stress the importance of developing a safe and effective approach to drug-induced hyperprolactinemia in youth. We report the successful treatment of risperidone-induced hyperprolactinemia with cabergoline in youth. METHODS: We undertook a retrospective case review of four children with risperidone-induced hyperprolactinemia treated with cabergoline. RESULTS: Four males (age 6-11 years) with Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (fourth edition) ENTD bipolar disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTC cabergoline ENTCEND  RESULTS: Four males (age 6-11 years) with Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (fourth edition) ENTD bipolar disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTD bipolar disorder ENTDEND or psychoses, with ENTC risperidone ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperprolactinemia ENTDEND  with a ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperprolactinemia ENTDEND with ENTC cabergoline ENTCEND
1	ENTC risperidone ENTCEND -induced ENTD hyperprolactinemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND  agonist in children.BACKGROUND: Risperidone, a potent antagonist of both serotonergic (5HT2A) and dopaminergic D2 receptors is associated with hyperprolactinemia in adults and children. Chronically elevated prolactin levels in children with ENTD prolactinomas ENTDEND
0	ENTD prolactinomas ENTDEND may be associated with arrested growth and development resulting in either delayed puberty or short stature. These possibilities stress the importance of developing a safe and effective approach to drug-induced hyperprolactinemia in youth. We report the successful treatment of risperidone-induced hyperprolactinemia with ENTC cabergoline ENTCEND
0	ENTC Risperidone ENTCEND  a potent antagonist of both serotonergic (5HT2A) and dopaminergic D2 receptors is associated with hyperprolactinemia in adults and children. Chronically elevated prolactin levels in children with ENTD prolactinomas ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND  agonist in children.BACKGROUND: Risperidone, a potent antagonist of both serotonergic (5HT2A) and dopaminergic D2 receptors is associated with hyperprolactinemia in adults and children. Chronically elevated prolactin levels in children with prolactinomas may be associated with arrested growth and development resulting in either delayed puberty or short stature. These possibilities stress the importance of developing a safe and effective approach to drug-induced hyperprolactinemia in youth. We report the successful treatment of risperidone-induced hyperprolactinemia with cabergoline in youth. METHODS: We undertook a retrospective case review of four children with risperidone-induced hyperprolactinemia treated with cabergoline. RESULTS: Four males (age 6-11 years) with Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (fourth edition) bipolar disorder or ENTD psychoses ENTDEND
0	ENTD psychoses ENTDEND  with risperidone-induced elevations in serum prolactin levels (57.5-129 ng/mL, normal 5-15 ng/mL), were treated with ENTC cabergoline ENTCEND
0	ENTD psychoses ENTDEND  with ENTC risperidone ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND  agonist in children.BACKGROUND: Risperidone, a potent antagonist of both serotonergic (5HT2A) and dopaminergic D2 receptors is associated with hyperprolactinemia in adults and children. Chronically elevated prolactin levels in children with prolactinomas may be associated with arrested growth and development resulting in either delayed puberty or short stature. These possibilities stress the importance of developing a safe and effective approach to drug-induced hyperprolactinemia in youth. We report the successful treatment of risperidone-induced hyperprolactinemia with cabergoline in youth. METHODS: We undertook a retrospective case review of four children with risperidone-induced hyperprolactinemia treated with cabergoline. RESULTS: Four males (age 6-11 years) with Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of ENTD Mental Disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTC cabergoline ENTCEND  RESULTS: Four males (age 6-11 years) with Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of ENTD Mental Disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTD Mental Disorders ENTDEND (fourth edition) bipolar disorder or psychoses, with ENTC risperidone ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND  agonist in children.BACKGROUND: Risperidone, a potent antagonist of both serotonergic (5HT2A) and dopaminergic D2 receptors is associated with hyperprolactinemia in adults and children. Chronically elevated prolactin levels in children with prolactinomas may be associated with arrested growth and development resulting in either ENTD delayed puberty ENTDEND
0	ENTD delayed puberty ENTDEND or short stature. These possibilities stress the importance of developing a safe and effective approach to drug-induced hyperprolactinemia in youth. We report the successful treatment of risperidone-induced hyperprolactinemia with ENTC cabergoline ENTCEND
0	ENTD delayed puberty ENTDEND or short stature. These possibilities stress the importance of developing a safe and effective approach to drug-induced hyperprolactinemia in youth. We report the successful treatment of ENTC risperidone ENTCEND
0	ENTC ergotamine ENTCEND caffeine in the proportions of patients with no ENTD nausea ENTDEND
1	ENTC rizatriptan ENTCEND and ergotamine/caffeine, respectively, were dizziness (6.7 and 5.3%), ENTD nausea ENTDEND
0	ENTC caffeine ENTCEND in the proportions of patients with no ENTD nausea ENTDEND
0	ENTC ergotamine ENTCEND caffeine. The co-primary endpoint of being ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC 5-HT ENTCEND 1B/1D) receptor agonist with rapid oral absorption and early onset of action in the acute treatment of migraine. This randomized double- blind crossover outpatient study assessed the preference for 1 rizatriptan 10 mg tablet to 2 ergotamine 1 mg/caffeine 100 mg tablets in 439 patients treating a single migraine attack with each therapy. Of patients expressing a preference (89.1%), more than twice as many preferred rizatriptan to ergotamine/caffeine (69.9 vs. 30.1%, p < or = 0.001). Faster relief of headache was the most important reason for preference, cited by 67.3% of patients preferring rizatriptan and 54.2% of patients who preferred ergotamine/caffeine. The co-primary endpoint of being ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC rizatriptan ENTCEND were ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC caffeine ENTCEND  The co-primary endpoint of being ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC ergotamine ENTCEND caffeine in the proportions of patients with no nausea, ENTD vomiting ENTDEND
0	ENTC Rizatriptan ENTCEND was also superior to ergotamine/caffeine in the proportions of patients with no nausea, ENTD vomiting ENTDEND
0	ENTC caffeine ENTCEND in the proportions of patients with no nausea, ENTD vomiting ENTDEND
0	ENTC ergotamine ENTCEND caffeine, respectively, were dizziness (6.7 and 5.3%), nausea (4.2 and 8.5%) and ENTD somnolence ENTDEND
0	ENTC rizatriptan ENTCEND and ergotamine/caffeine, respectively, were dizziness (6.7 and 5.3%), nausea (4.2 and 8.5%) and ENTD somnolence ENTDEND
0	ENTC caffeine ENTCEND  respectively, were dizziness (6.7 and 5.3%), nausea (4.2 and 8.5%) and ENTD somnolence ENTDEND
0	ENTC ergotamine ENTCEND /caffeine in ENTD migraine ENTDEND
0	ENTD migraine ENTDEND .Rizatriptan is a selective ENTC 5-HT ENTCEND
0	ENTD migraine ENTDEND . ENTC Rizatriptan ENTCEND
0	ENTC caffeine ENTCEND  in ENTD migraine ENTDEND
0	ENTC ergotamine ENTCEND caffeine in the proportions of patients with no nausea, vomiting, phonophobia or ENTD photophobia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Rizatriptan ENTCEND was also superior to ergotamine/caffeine in the proportions of patients with no nausea, vomiting, phonophobia or ENTD photophobia ENTDEND
0	ENTC caffeine ENTCEND in the proportions of patients with no nausea, vomiting, phonophobia or ENTD photophobia ENTDEND
0	ENTD Headache ENTDEND relief at 2 h was 75.9% for rizatriptan and 47.3% for ENTC ergotamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-HT ENTCEND 1B/1D) receptor agonist with rapid oral absorption and early onset of action in the acute treatment of migraine. This randomized double- blind crossover outpatient study assessed the preference for 1 rizatriptan 10 mg tablet to 2 ergotamine 1 mg/caffeine 100 mg tablets in 439 patients treating a single migraine attack with each therapy. Of patients expressing a preference (89.1%), more than twice as many preferred rizatriptan to ergotamine/caffeine (69.9 vs. 30.1%, p < or = 0.001). Faster relief of ENTD headache ENTDEND
0	ENTD Headache ENTDEND relief at 2 h was 75.9% for ENTC rizatriptan ENTCEND
0	ENTC caffeine ENTCEND (69.9 vs. 30.1%, p < or = 0.001). Faster relief of ENTD headache ENTDEND
0	ENTC ergotamine ENTCEND caffeine in the proportions of patients with no nausea, vomiting, ENTD phonophobia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Rizatriptan ENTCEND was also superior to ergotamine/caffeine in the proportions of patients with no nausea, vomiting, ENTD phonophobia ENTDEND
0	ENTC caffeine ENTCEND in the proportions of patients with no nausea, vomiting, ENTD phonophobia ENTDEND
0	ENTC ergotamine ENTCEND caffeine, respectively, were ENTD dizziness ENTDEND
1	ENTC rizatriptan ENTCEND and ergotamine/caffeine, respectively, were ENTD dizziness ENTDEND
0	ENTC caffeine ENTCEND  respectively, were ENTD dizziness ENTDEND
1	ENTD pancreatitis ENTDEND  bone marrow suppression, ENTC VPA ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperammonemia ENTDEND  There is still no proof of causative effect of ENTC VPA ENTCEND
1	ENTC VPA ENTCEND induced encephalopathy are ENTD impaired consciousness ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND frequency, with or without hyperammonemia. There is still no proof of causative effect of ENTC VPA ENTCEND
1	ENTC VPA ENTCEND induced ENTD encephalopathy ENTDEND
1	ENTD bone marrow suppression ENTDEND  ENTC VPA ENTCEND
1	ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND and ENTC VPA ENTCEND
0	ENTC diphenhydramine ENTCEND and prednisone were ineffective in preventing the recurrence of the ENTD allergic reaction ENTDEND
0	ENTC prednisone ENTCEND were ineffective in preventing the recurrence of the ENTD allergic reaction ENTDEND
0	ENTD Allergic reaction ENTDEND  to ENTC 5-fluorouracil ENTCEND
0	ENTD allergic reaction ENTDEND consisting of angioneurotic edema secondary to continuous infusion 5-fluorouracil occurred in a patient with recurrent carcinoma of the oral cavity, cirrhosis, and ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD carcinoma of the oral cavity ENTDEND  cirrhosis, and cisplatin-induced impaired renal function. This reaction occurred during the sixth and seventh courses of infusional chemotherapy. Oral ENTC diphenhydramine ENTCEND
0	ENTD carcinoma of the oral cavity ENTDEND  cirrhosis, and cisplatin-induced impaired renal function. This reaction occurred during the sixth and seventh courses of infusional chemotherapy. Oral diphenhydramine and ENTC prednisone ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-fluorouracil ENTCEND occurred in a patient with recurrent ENTD carcinoma of the oral cavity ENTDEND
0	ENTD carcinoma of the oral cavity ENTDEND  cirrhosis, and ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD cirrhosis ENTDEND  and cisplatin-induced impaired renal function. This reaction occurred during the sixth and seventh courses of infusional chemotherapy. Oral ENTC diphenhydramine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cirrhosis ENTDEND  and cisplatin-induced impaired renal function. This reaction occurred during the sixth and seventh courses of infusional chemotherapy. Oral diphenhydramine and ENTC prednisone ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-fluorouracil ENTCEND occurred in a patient with recurrent carcinoma of the oral cavity, ENTD cirrhosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD cirrhosis ENTDEND  and ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD angioneurotic edema ENTDEND secondary to continuous infusion 5-fluorouracil occurred in a patient with recurrent carcinoma of the oral cavity, cirrhosis, and cisplatin-induced impaired renal function. This reaction occurred during the sixth and seventh courses of infusional chemotherapy. Oral ENTC diphenhydramine ENTCEND
0	ENTD angioneurotic edema ENTDEND secondary to continuous infusion 5-fluorouracil occurred in a patient with recurrent carcinoma of the oral cavity, cirrhosis, and cisplatin-induced impaired renal function. This reaction occurred during the sixth and seventh courses of infusional chemotherapy. Oral diphenhydramine and ENTC prednisone ENTCEND
1	ENTD angioneurotic edema ENTDEND secondary to continuous infusion ENTC 5-fluorouracil ENTCEND
0	ENTD angioneurotic edema ENTDEND secondary to continuous infusion 5-fluorouracil occurred in a patient with recurrent carcinoma of the oral cavity, cirrhosis, and ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD impaired renal function ENTDEND  This reaction occurred during the sixth and seventh courses of infusional chemotherapy. Oral ENTC diphenhydramine ENTCEND
0	ENTD impaired renal function ENTDEND  This reaction occurred during the sixth and seventh courses of infusional chemotherapy. Oral diphenhydramine and ENTC prednisone ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-fluorouracil ENTCEND occurred in a patient with recurrent carcinoma of the oral cavity, cirrhosis, and cisplatin-induced ENTD impaired renal function ENTDEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND induced ENTD impaired renal function ENTDEND
0	ENTD allergic reactions ENTDEND  to corticosteroids: diagnosis and alternatives.Two patients treated with parenteral paramethasone (Triniol) and ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND
0	ENTD allergy ENTDEND caused by ENTC paramethasone ENTCEND
0	ENTD allergic reactions ENTDEND  to ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND
1	ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND (Sedionbel) are described. A few minutes after administration of the drugs, they presented urticaria (patients 1 and 2) and ENTD conjunctivitis ENTDEND
1	ENTC paramethasone ENTCEND (Triniol) and dexamethasone (Sedionbel) are described. A few minutes after administration of the drugs, they presented urticaria (patients 1 and 2) and ENTD conjunctivitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND : diagnosis and alternatives.Two patients treated with parenteral paramethasone (Triniol) and dexamethasone (Sedionbel) are described. A few minutes after administration of the drugs, they presented urticaria (patients 1 and 2) and ENTD conjunctivitis ENTDEND
1	ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND (Sedionbel) are described. A few minutes after administration of the drugs, they presented ENTD urticaria ENTDEND
1	ENTC paramethasone ENTCEND (Triniol) and dexamethasone (Sedionbel) are described. A few minutes after administration of the drugs, they presented ENTD urticaria ENTDEND
0	ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND : diagnosis and alternatives.Two patients treated with parenteral paramethasone (Triniol) and dexamethasone (Sedionbel) are described. A few minutes after administration of the drugs, they presented ENTD urticaria ENTDEND
1	ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND induced ENTD TMA ENTDEND
1	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND associated ENTD TMA ENTDEND
1	ENTD aplastic anemia ENTDEND which was caused by gold in one case and ENTC D-penicillamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD aplastic anemia ENTDEND which was caused by ENTC gold ENTCEND
0	ENTD RA ENTDEND  by bone marrow transplantation (BMT) in 2 patients. BMT was used to treat severe aplastic anemia which was caused by gold in one case and ENTC D-penicillamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD RA ENTDEND  by bone marrow transplantation (BMT) in 2 patients. BMT was used to treat severe aplastic anemia which was caused by ENTC gold ENTCEND
0	ENTC D-penicillamine ENTCEND in the other. In the 8 and 6 years since the transplants (representing 8 and 4 years since cessation of all immunosuppressive therapy, respectively), the RA in each case has been completely quiescent. Although short term remission of severe RA following BMT has been reported, these are the first cases for which prolonged followup has been available. This experience raises the question of the role of BMT itself as a therapeutic option for patients with uncontrolled destructive ENTD synovitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC gold ENTCEND in one case and D-penicillamine in the other. In the 8 and 6 years since the transplants (representing 8 and 4 years since cessation of all immunosuppressive therapy, respectively), the RA in each case has been completely quiescent. Although short term remission of severe RA following BMT has been reported, these are the first cases for which prolonged followup has been available. This experience raises the question of the role of BMT itself as a therapeutic option for patients with uncontrolled destructive ENTD synovitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC remifentanil ENTCEND 1 microg/kg reduced myoclonus after etomidate induction without side effects such as sedation, apnea, ENTD nausea ENTDEND
0	ENTC etomidate ENTCEND induction without side effects such as sedation, apnea, ENTD nausea ENTDEND
0	ENTC remifentanil ENTCEND 1 microg/kg reduced myoclonus after etomidate induction without side effects such as sedation, apnea, nausea, or ENTD pruritus ENTDEND
0	ENTD pruritus ENTDEND  Men experience increased incidence of myoclonus than women after ENTC etomidate ENTCEND
0	ENTC remifentanil ENTCEND 1 microg/kg reduced ENTD myoclonus ENTDEND
1	ENTD myoclonus ENTDEND  after ENTC etomidate ENTCEND
0	ENTC remifentanil ENTCEND 1 microg/kg reduced myoclonus after etomidate induction without side effects such as sedation, ENTD apnea ENTDEND
0	ENTC etomidate ENTCEND induction without side effects such as sedation, ENTD apnea ENTDEND
0	ENTD analgesia ENTDEND .The intradermal injection of mu (morphine, Tyr-D-Ala-Gly-NMe-Phe-Gly-ol and morphiceptin), kappa (trans-3,4-dichloro-N-methyl-N[2-(1-pyrrolidinyl) cyclohexyl]benzeneactemide) and delta ([D-Pen2.5]-enkephalin and [D-Ser2]-[Leu]enkephalin-Thr) selective opioid-agonists, by themselves, did not significantly affect the mechanical nociceptive threshold in the hindpaw of the rat. Intradermal injection of mu, but not delta or kappa opioid-agonists, however, produced dose-dependent inhibition of ENTC prostaglandin E2 ENTCEND
0	ENTD analgesia ENTDEND .The intradermal injection of mu (morphine, Tyr-D-Ala-Gly-NMe-Phe-Gly-ol and morphiceptin), kappa (trans-3,4-dichloro-N-methyl-N[2-(1-pyrrolidinyl) cyclohexyl]benzeneactemide) and delta ([D-Pen2.5]-enkephalin and [D-Ser2]-[Leu]enkephalin-Thr) selective opioid-agonists, by themselves, did not significantly affect the mechanical nociceptive threshold in the hindpaw of the rat. Intradermal injection of mu, but not delta or kappa opioid-agonists, however, produced dose-dependent inhibition of prostaglandin E2-induced hyperalgesia. The analgesic effect of the mu-agonist morphine was dose-dependently antagonized by ENTC naloxone ENTCEND
0	ENTD analgesia ENTDEND .The intradermal injection of mu ( ENTC morphine ENTCEND
0	ENTD analgesia ENTDEND .The intradermal injection of mu (morphine, Tyr-D-Ala-Gly-NMe-Phe-Gly-ol and morphiceptin), kappa (trans-3,4-dichloro-N-methyl-N[2-(1-pyrrolidinyl) cyclohexyl]benzeneactemide) and delta ([D-Pen2.5]-enkephalin and [D-Ser2]-[Leu]enkephalin-Thr) selective opioid-agonists, by themselves, did not significantly affect the mechanical nociceptive threshold in the hindpaw of the rat. Intradermal injection of mu, but not delta or kappa opioid-agonists, however, produced dose-dependent inhibition of prostaglandin E2-induced hyperalgesia. The analgesic effect of the mu-agonist morphine was dose-dependently antagonized by naloxone and prevented by co-injection of pertussis toxin. Morphine did not, however, alter the hyperalgesia induced by 8-bromo cyclic adenosine monophosphate. We conclude that the analgesic action of opioids on the peripheral terminals of primary afferents is via a binding site with characteristics of the mu-opioid receptor and that this action is mediated by inhibition of the ENTC cyclic adenosine monophosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTD analgesia ENTDEND .The intradermal injection of mu (morphine, Tyr-D-Ala-Gly-NMe-Phe-Gly-ol and ENTC morphiceptin ENTCEND
0	ENTD analgesia ENTDEND .The intradermal injection of mu (morphine, Tyr-D-Ala-Gly-NMe-Phe-Gly-ol and morphiceptin), kappa (trans-3,4-dichloro-N-methyl-N[2-(1-pyrrolidinyl) cyclohexyl]benzeneactemide) and delta ( ENTC [D-Pen2.5]-enkephalin ENTCEND
0	ENTD analgesia ENTDEND .The intradermal injection of mu (morphine, Tyr-D-Ala-Gly-NMe-Phe-Gly-ol and morphiceptin), kappa (trans-3,4-dichloro-N-methyl-N[2-(1-pyrrolidinyl) cyclohexyl]benzeneactemide) and delta ([D-Pen2.5]-enkephalin and ENTC [D-Ser2]-[Leu]enkephalin-Thr ENTCEND
0	ENTD analgesia ENTDEND .The intradermal injection of mu (morphine, Tyr-D-Ala-Gly-NMe-Phe-Gly-ol and morphiceptin), kappa ( ENTC trans-3,4-dichloro-N-methyl-N[2-(1-pyrrolidinyl) cyclohexyl]benzeneactemide ENTCEND
0	ENTD analgesia ENTDEND .The intradermal injection of mu (morphine, ENTC Tyr-D-Ala-Gly-NMe-Phe-Gly-ol ENTCEND
0	ENTD analgesia ENTDEND .The intradermal injection of mu (morphine, Tyr-D-Ala-Gly-NMe-Phe-Gly-ol and morphiceptin), kappa (trans-3,4-dichloro-N-methyl-N[2-(1-pyrrolidinyl) cyclohexyl]benzeneactemide) and delta ([D-Pen2.5]-enkephalin and [D-Ser2]-[Leu]enkephalin-Thr) selective opioid-agonists, by themselves, did not significantly affect the mechanical nociceptive threshold in the hindpaw of the rat. Intradermal injection of mu, but not delta or kappa opioid-agonists, however, produced dose-dependent inhibition of prostaglandin E2-induced hyperalgesia. The analgesic effect of the mu-agonist morphine was dose-dependently antagonized by naloxone and prevented by co-injection of pertussis toxin. Morphine did not, however, alter the hyperalgesia induced by ENTC 8-bromo cyclic adenosine monophosphate ENTCEND
1	ENTC prostaglandin E2 ENTCEND induced ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND  The analgesic effect of the mu-agonist morphine was dose-dependently antagonized by ENTC naloxone ENTCEND
0	ENTC Morphine ENTCEND did not, however, alter the ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND induced by 8-bromo cyclic adenosine monophosphate. We conclude that the analgesic action of opioids on the peripheral terminals of primary afferents is via a binding site with characteristics of the mu-opioid receptor and that this action is mediated by inhibition of the ENTC cyclic adenosine monophosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTC morphiceptin ENTCEND , kappa (trans-3,4-dichloro-N-methyl-N[2-(1-pyrrolidinyl) cyclohexyl]benzeneactemide) and delta ([D-Pen2.5]-enkephalin and [D-Ser2]-[Leu]enkephalin-Thr) selective opioid-agonists, by themselves, did not significantly affect the mechanical nociceptive threshold in the hindpaw of the rat. Intradermal injection of mu, but not delta or kappa opioid-agonists, however, produced dose-dependent inhibition of prostaglandin E2-induced ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC [D-Pen2.5]-enkephalin ENTCEND and [D-Ser2]-[Leu]enkephalin-Thr) selective opioid-agonists, by themselves, did not significantly affect the mechanical nociceptive threshold in the hindpaw of the rat. Intradermal injection of mu, but not delta or kappa opioid-agonists, however, produced dose-dependent inhibition of prostaglandin E2-induced ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC [D-Ser2]-[Leu]enkephalin-Thr ENTCEND  selective opioid-agonists, by themselves, did not significantly affect the mechanical nociceptive threshold in the hindpaw of the rat. Intradermal injection of mu, but not delta or kappa opioid-agonists, however, produced dose-dependent inhibition of prostaglandin E2-induced ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC trans-3,4-dichloro-N-methyl-N[2-(1-pyrrolidinyl) cyclohexyl]benzeneactemide ENTCEND  and delta ([D-Pen2.5]-enkephalin and [D-Ser2]-[Leu]enkephalin-Thr) selective opioid-agonists, by themselves, did not significantly affect the mechanical nociceptive threshold in the hindpaw of the rat. Intradermal injection of mu, but not delta or kappa opioid-agonists, however, produced dose-dependent inhibition of prostaglandin E2-induced ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Tyr-D-Ala-Gly-NMe-Phe-Gly-ol ENTCEND and morphiceptin), kappa (trans-3,4-dichloro-N-methyl-N[2-(1-pyrrolidinyl) cyclohexyl]benzeneactemide) and delta ([D-Pen2.5]-enkephalin and [D-Ser2]-[Leu]enkephalin-Thr) selective opioid-agonists, by themselves, did not significantly affect the mechanical nociceptive threshold in the hindpaw of the rat. Intradermal injection of mu, but not delta or kappa opioid-agonists, however, produced dose-dependent inhibition of prostaglandin E2-induced ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND
1	ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND induced by ENTC 8-bromo cyclic adenosine monophosphate ENTCEND
1	ENTD Angioedema ENTDEND  due to ENTC ACE inhibitors ENTCEND
0	ENTD macrocytic anemia ENTDEND in AIDS patients on long term AZT therapy. It is generally assumed that DNA elongation is stopped by the insertion of AZT into the chain in place of thymidine thus preventing the ENTC phosphate ENTCEND
1	ENTC AZT ENTCEND has induced a ENTD macrocytic anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD macrocytic anemia ENTDEND in AIDS patients on long term AZT therapy. It is generally assumed that DNA elongation is stopped by the insertion of AZT into the chain in place of ENTC thymidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC phosphate ENTCEND hydroxyl linkages and therefore suppresses hemopoietic progenitor cell proliferation in an early stage of differentiation. CBA/Ca male mice started on AZT 0.75 mg/ml H2O at 84 days of age and kept on it for 687 days when dosage reduced to 0.5 mg/ml H2O for a group, another group removed from AZT to see recovery, and third group remained on 0.75 mg. At 687 days mice that had been on 0.75 mg had average platelet counts of 2.5 x 10(6). Histological examination on 9 of 10 mice with such ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND
1	ENTC AZT ENTCEND to see recovery, and third group remained on 0.75 mg. At 687 days mice that had been on 0.75 mg had average platelet counts of 2.5 x 10(6). Histological examination on 9 of 10 mice with such ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND
0	ENTC thymidine ENTCEND thus preventing the phosphate hydroxyl linkages and therefore suppresses hemopoietic progenitor cell proliferation in an early stage of differentiation. CBA/Ca male mice started on AZT 0.75 mg/ml H2O at 84 days of age and kept on it for 687 days when dosage reduced to 0.5 mg/ml H2O for a group, another group removed from AZT to see recovery, and third group remained on 0.75 mg. At 687 days mice that had been on 0.75 mg had average platelet counts of 2.5 x 10(6). Histological examination on 9 of 10 mice with such ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD myelodysplasia ENTDEND .AZT has induced a macrocytic anemia in AIDS patients on long term AZT therapy. It is generally assumed that DNA elongation is stopped by the insertion of AZT into the chain in place of thymidine thus preventing the ENTC phosphate ENTCEND
1	ENTD myelodysplasia ENTDEND . ENTC AZT ENTCEND
0	ENTD myelodysplasia ENTDEND .AZT has induced a macrocytic anemia in AIDS patients on long term AZT therapy. It is generally assumed that DNA elongation is stopped by the insertion of AZT into the chain in place of ENTC thymidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC phosphate ENTCEND hydroxyl linkages and therefore suppresses hemopoietic progenitor cell proliferation in an early stage of differentiation. CBA/Ca male mice started on AZT 0.75 mg/ml H2O at 84 days of age and kept on it for 687 days when dosage reduced to 0.5 mg/ml H2O for a group, another group removed from AZT to see recovery, and third group remained on 0.75 mg. At 687 days mice that had been on 0.75 mg had average platelet counts of 2.5 x 10(6). Histological examination on 9 of 10 mice with such thrombocytopenia showed changes compatible with myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS). A variety of histological patterns was observed. There were two cases of hypocellular myelodysplasia, two cases of hypersegmented myelodysplastic granulocytosis, two cases of hypercellular marrow with abnormal megakaryocytes with bizarre nuclei, one case of megakaryocytic myelosis associated with a hyperplastic marrow, dysmyelopoiesis and a hypocellular marrow and two cases of myelodysplasia with dyserythropoiesis, ENTD hemosiderosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemosiderosis ENTDEND and a hypocellular marrow. Above mentioned ENTC AZT ENTCEND
0	ENTC thymidine ENTCEND thus preventing the phosphate hydroxyl linkages and therefore suppresses hemopoietic progenitor cell proliferation in an early stage of differentiation. CBA/Ca male mice started on AZT 0.75 mg/ml H2O at 84 days of age and kept on it for 687 days when dosage reduced to 0.5 mg/ml H2O for a group, another group removed from AZT to see recovery, and third group remained on 0.75 mg. At 687 days mice that had been on 0.75 mg had average platelet counts of 2.5 x 10(6). Histological examination on 9 of 10 mice with such thrombocytopenia showed changes compatible with myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS). A variety of histological patterns was observed. There were two cases of hypocellular myelodysplasia, two cases of hypersegmented myelodysplastic granulocytosis, two cases of hypercellular marrow with abnormal megakaryocytes with bizarre nuclei, one case of megakaryocytic myelosis associated with a hyperplastic marrow, dysmyelopoiesis and a hypocellular marrow and two cases of myelodysplasia with dyserythropoiesis, ENTD hemosiderosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC phosphate ENTCEND hydroxyl linkages and therefore suppresses hemopoietic progenitor cell proliferation in an early stage of differentiation. CBA/Ca male mice started on AZT 0.75 mg/ml H2O at 84 days of age and kept on it for 687 days when dosage reduced to 0.5 mg/ml H2O for a group, another group removed from AZT to see recovery, and third group remained on 0.75 mg. At 687 days mice that had been on 0.75 mg had average platelet counts of 2.5 x 10(6). Histological examination on 9 of 10 mice with such thrombocytopenia showed changes compatible with myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS). A variety of histological patterns was observed. There were two cases of hypocellular myelodysplasia, two cases of hypersegmented myelodysplastic granulocytosis, two cases of hypercellular marrow with abnormal megakaryocytes with bizarre nuclei, one case of megakaryocytic myelosis associated with a ENTD hyperplastic marrow ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypocellular marrow ENTDEND  Above mentioned ENTC AZT ENTCEND
0	ENTC thymidine ENTCEND thus preventing the phosphate hydroxyl linkages and therefore suppresses hemopoietic progenitor cell proliferation in an early stage of differentiation. CBA/Ca male mice started on AZT 0.75 mg/ml H2O at 84 days of age and kept on it for 687 days when dosage reduced to 0.5 mg/ml H2O for a group, another group removed from AZT to see recovery, and third group remained on 0.75 mg. At 687 days mice that had been on 0.75 mg had average platelet counts of 2.5 x 10(6). Histological examination on 9 of 10 mice with such thrombocytopenia showed changes compatible with myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS). A variety of histological patterns was observed. There were two cases of hypocellular myelodysplasia, two cases of hypersegmented myelodysplastic granulocytosis, two cases of hypercellular marrow with abnormal megakaryocytes with bizarre nuclei, one case of megakaryocytic myelosis associated with a ENTD hyperplastic marrow ENTDEND
0	ENTD AIDS ENTDEND patients on long term AZT therapy. It is generally assumed that DNA elongation is stopped by the insertion of AZT into the chain in place of thymidine thus preventing the ENTC phosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTD AIDS ENTDEND patients on long term ENTC AZT ENTCEND
0	ENTD AIDS ENTDEND patients on long term AZT therapy. It is generally assumed that DNA elongation is stopped by the insertion of AZT into the chain in place of ENTC thymidine ENTCEND
1	ENTD anemia ENTDEND thrombocytopenia/emesis/rash (n = 1). All toxicities resolved after ENTC cis-RA ENTCEND
1	ENTD rash ENTDEND (n = 1). All toxicities resolved after ENTC cis-RA ENTCEND
1	ENTD emesis ENTDEND rash (n = 1). All toxicities resolved after ENTC cis-RA ENTCEND
1	ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND emesis/rash (n = 1). All toxicities resolved after ENTC cis-RA ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicities ENTDEND resolved after ENTC cis-RA ENTCEND
0	ENTC 13-cis-retinoic acid ENTCEND  in children with ENTD neuroblastoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD neuroblastoma ENTDEND in vitro were achieved at this dose. The DLT included hypercalcemia, and may be predicted by serum cis-RA levels. Monitoring of serum ENTC calcium ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypercalcemia ENTDEND  and may be predicted by serum ENTC cis-RA ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypercalcemia ENTDEND  and may be predicted by serum cis-RA levels. Monitoring of serum ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC cis-RA ENTCEND was discontinued. Three complete responses were observed in marrow ENTD metastases ENTDEND
0	ENTC amphotercin B ENTCEND administration. DISCUSSION: AIDS and cryptococcal meningitis, both of which the patient had, can potentially cause seizures. The patient had a history of ENTD alcohol abuse ENTDEND
0	ENTC hydroxyzine ENTCEND  promethazine, hydrocortisone, and prochlorperazine. Despite administration of phenytoin and lorazepam, the seizures persisted and occurred only during amphotercin B administration. DISCUSSION: AIDS and cryptococcal meningitis, both of which the patient had, can potentially cause seizures. The patient had a history of ENTD alcohol abuse ENTDEND
0	ENTC lorazepam ENTCEND  the seizures persisted and occurred only during amphotercin B administration. DISCUSSION: AIDS and cryptococcal meningitis, both of which the patient had, can potentially cause seizures. The patient had a history of ENTD alcohol abuse ENTDEND
0	ENTD alcohol abuse ENTDEND  ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTD alcohol abuse ENTDEND  alcohol intake as well as withdrawal can also cause seizures. ENTC Didanosine ENTCEND
0	ENTC hydrocortisone ENTCEND  and prochlorperazine. Despite administration of phenytoin and lorazepam, the seizures persisted and occurred only during amphotercin B administration. DISCUSSION: AIDS and cryptococcal meningitis, both of which the patient had, can potentially cause seizures. The patient had a history of ENTD alcohol abuse ENTDEND
0	ENTC phenytoin ENTCEND and lorazepam, the seizures persisted and occurred only during amphotercin B administration. DISCUSSION: AIDS and cryptococcal meningitis, both of which the patient had, can potentially cause seizures. The patient had a history of ENTD alcohol abuse ENTDEND
0	ENTC promethazine ENTCEND  hydrocortisone, and prochlorperazine. Despite administration of phenytoin and lorazepam, the seizures persisted and occurred only during amphotercin B administration. DISCUSSION: AIDS and cryptococcal meningitis, both of which the patient had, can potentially cause seizures. The patient had a history of ENTD alcohol abuse ENTDEND
0	ENTC prochlorperazine ENTCEND  Despite administration of phenytoin and lorazepam, the seizures persisted and occurred only during amphotercin B administration. DISCUSSION: AIDS and cryptococcal meningitis, both of which the patient had, can potentially cause seizures. The patient had a history of ENTD alcohol abuse ENTDEND
1	ENTC Amphotericin B ENTCEND -induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC hydroxyzine ENTCEND  promethazine, hydrocortisone, and prochlorperazine. Despite administration of phenytoin and lorazepam, the ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC lorazepam ENTCEND  the ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND  The patient had a history of alcohol abuse; ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND  ENTC Didanosine ENTCEND
0	ENTC hydrocortisone ENTCEND  and prochlorperazine. Despite administration of phenytoin and lorazepam, the ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC phenytoin ENTCEND and lorazepam, the ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC promethazine ENTCEND  hydrocortisone, and prochlorperazine. Despite administration of phenytoin and lorazepam, the ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC prochlorperazine ENTCEND  Despite administration of phenytoin and lorazepam, the ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC amphotercin B ENTCEND administration. DISCUSSION: AIDS and ENTD cryptococcal meningitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC hydroxyzine ENTCEND  promethazine, hydrocortisone, and prochlorperazine. Despite administration of phenytoin and lorazepam, the seizures persisted and occurred only during amphotercin B administration. DISCUSSION: AIDS and ENTD cryptococcal meningitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC lorazepam ENTCEND  the seizures persisted and occurred only during amphotercin B administration. DISCUSSION: AIDS and ENTD cryptococcal meningitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD cryptococcal meningitis ENTDEND  both of which the patient had, can potentially cause seizures. The patient had a history of alcohol abuse; ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTD cryptococcal meningitis ENTDEND  both of which the patient had, can potentially cause seizures. The patient had a history of alcohol abuse; alcohol intake as well as withdrawal can also cause seizures. ENTC Didanosine ENTCEND
0	ENTC hydrocortisone ENTCEND  and prochlorperazine. Despite administration of phenytoin and lorazepam, the seizures persisted and occurred only during amphotercin B administration. DISCUSSION: AIDS and ENTD cryptococcal meningitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC phenytoin ENTCEND and lorazepam, the seizures persisted and occurred only during amphotercin B administration. DISCUSSION: AIDS and ENTD cryptococcal meningitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC promethazine ENTCEND  hydrocortisone, and prochlorperazine. Despite administration of phenytoin and lorazepam, the seizures persisted and occurred only during amphotercin B administration. DISCUSSION: AIDS and ENTD cryptococcal meningitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC prochlorperazine ENTCEND  Despite administration of phenytoin and lorazepam, the seizures persisted and occurred only during amphotercin B administration. DISCUSSION: AIDS and ENTD cryptococcal meningitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD grand mal seizures ENTDEND during intravenous infusion of ENTC amphotericin B ENTCEND
0	ENTD grand mal seizures ENTDEND during intravenous infusion of amphotericin B, then petit mal seizures as the infusion was stopped and the drug concentrations decreased with time. The patients concurrent medications included didanosine, ENTC hydroxyzine ENTCEND
0	ENTD grand mal seizures ENTDEND during intravenous infusion of amphotericin B, then petit mal seizures as the infusion was stopped and the drug concentrations decreased with time. The patients concurrent medications included didanosine, hydroxyzine, promethazine, hydrocortisone, and prochlorperazine. Despite administration of phenytoin and ENTC lorazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTD grand mal seizures ENTDEND during intravenous infusion of amphotericin B, then petit mal seizures as the infusion was stopped and the drug concentrations decreased with time. The patients concurrent medications included didanosine, hydroxyzine, promethazine, hydrocortisone, and prochlorperazine. Despite administration of phenytoin and lorazepam, the seizures persisted and occurred only during amphotercin B administration. DISCUSSION: AIDS and cryptococcal meningitis, both of which the patient had, can potentially cause seizures. The patient had a history of alcohol abuse; ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTD grand mal seizures ENTDEND during intravenous infusion of amphotericin B, then petit mal seizures as the infusion was stopped and the drug concentrations decreased with time. The patients concurrent medications included ENTC didanosine ENTCEND
0	ENTD grand mal seizures ENTDEND during intravenous infusion of amphotericin B, then petit mal seizures as the infusion was stopped and the drug concentrations decreased with time. The patients concurrent medications included didanosine, hydroxyzine, promethazine, ENTC hydrocortisone ENTCEND
0	ENTD grand mal seizures ENTDEND during intravenous infusion of amphotericin B, then petit mal seizures as the infusion was stopped and the drug concentrations decreased with time. The patients concurrent medications included didanosine, hydroxyzine, promethazine, hydrocortisone, and prochlorperazine. Despite administration of ENTC phenytoin ENTCEND
0	ENTD grand mal seizures ENTDEND during intravenous infusion of amphotericin B, then petit mal seizures as the infusion was stopped and the drug concentrations decreased with time. The patients concurrent medications included didanosine, hydroxyzine, ENTC promethazine ENTCEND
0	ENTD grand mal seizures ENTDEND during intravenous infusion of amphotericin B, then petit mal seizures as the infusion was stopped and the drug concentrations decreased with time. The patients concurrent medications included didanosine, hydroxyzine, promethazine, hydrocortisone, and ENTC prochlorperazine ENTCEND
0	ENTD AIDS ENTDEND patent following ENTC amphotericin B ENTCEND
0	ENTC hydroxyzine ENTCEND  promethazine, hydrocortisone, and prochlorperazine. Despite administration of phenytoin and lorazepam, the seizures persisted and occurred only during amphotercin B administration. DISCUSSION: ENTD AIDS ENTDEND
0	ENTC lorazepam ENTCEND  the seizures persisted and occurred only during amphotercin B administration. DISCUSSION: ENTD AIDS ENTDEND
0	ENTD AIDS ENTDEND and cryptococcal meningitis, both of which the patient had, can potentially cause seizures. The patient had a history of alcohol abuse; ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTD AIDS ENTDEND and cryptococcal meningitis, both of which the patient had, can potentially cause seizures. The patient had a history of alcohol abuse; alcohol intake as well as withdrawal can also cause seizures. ENTC Didanosine ENTCEND
0	ENTC hydrocortisone ENTCEND  and prochlorperazine. Despite administration of phenytoin and lorazepam, the seizures persisted and occurred only during amphotercin B administration. DISCUSSION: ENTD AIDS ENTDEND
0	ENTC phenytoin ENTCEND and lorazepam, the seizures persisted and occurred only during amphotercin B administration. DISCUSSION: ENTD AIDS ENTDEND
0	ENTC promethazine ENTCEND  hydrocortisone, and prochlorperazine. Despite administration of phenytoin and lorazepam, the seizures persisted and occurred only during amphotercin B administration. DISCUSSION: ENTD AIDS ENTDEND
0	ENTC prochlorperazine ENTCEND  Despite administration of phenytoin and lorazepam, the seizures persisted and occurred only during amphotercin B administration. DISCUSSION: ENTD AIDS ENTDEND
0	ENTC tariquidar ENTCEND in TR(-) rats substantiated that Pgp is functional and compensates for the lack of MRP2 in the BBB. CONCLUSIONS: The data on TR(-) rats indicate that Pgp plays an important role in the compensation of MRP2 deficiency in the BBB. Because such a compensatory mechanism most likely occurs to reduce ENTD injury to the brain ENTDEND
0	ENTC phenobarbital ENTCEND and the selective Pgp inhibitor tariquidar in TR(-) rats substantiated that Pgp is functional and compensates for the lack of MRP2 in the BBB. CONCLUSIONS: The data on TR(-) rats indicate that Pgp plays an important role in the compensation of MRP2 deficiency in the BBB. Because such a compensatory mechanism most likely occurs to reduce ENTD injury to the brain ENTDEND
0	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND induced seizures in wild-type Wistar rats. Experiments with systemic administration of the Pgp substrate phenobarbital and the selective Pgp inhibitor tariquidar in TR(-) rats substantiated that Pgp is functional and compensates for the lack of MRP2 in the BBB. CONCLUSIONS: The data on TR(-) rats indicate that Pgp plays an important role in the compensation of MRP2 deficiency in the BBB. Because such a compensatory mechanism most likely occurs to reduce ENTD injury to the brain ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND in wild-type Wistar rats. Experiments with systemic administration of the Pgp substrate phenobarbital and the selective Pgp inhibitor ENTC tariquidar ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND in wild-type Wistar rats. Experiments with systemic administration of the Pgp substrate ENTC phenobarbital ENTCEND
1	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND -induced up-regulation of this drug efflux transporter in normal rats.PURPOSE: The multidrug resistance protein 2 (MRP2) is a drug efflux transporter that is expressed predominantly at the apical domain of hepatocytes but seems also to be expressed at the apical membrane of brain capillary endothelial cells that form the blood-brain barrier (BBB). MRP2 is absent in the transport-deficient (TR(-)) Wistar rat mutant, so that this rat strain was very helpful in defining substrates of MRP2 by comparing tissue concentrations or functional activities of compounds in MRP2-deficient rats with those in transport-competent Wistar rats. By using this strategy to study the involvement of MRP2 in brain access of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), we recently reported that ENTC phenytoin ENTCEND
1	ENTC Ranitidine ENTCEND -induced acute ENTD interstitial nephritis ENTDEND
1	ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND -induced ENTD aggressive behavior ENTDEND
1	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND induced by ENTC THC ENTCEND
0	ENTC desipramine ENTCEND and 6-OHDA but not in rats treated with 6-OHDA or in rats with lesions of the locus coeruleus. These results indicate that noradrenergic neurons have an important role in the manifestation of ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
1	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND induced by ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND
0	ENTC 6-OHDA ENTCEND or in rats with lesions of the locus coeruleus. These results indicate that noradrenergic neurons have an important role in the manifestation of ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND throughout pregnancy, were found to have major ENTD congenital anomalies ENTDEND
0	ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND throughout pregnancy, were found to have major congenital anomalies. In the singleton pregnancy, the mother had ulcerative colitis, and the infant, a male, had coarctation of the aorta and a ventricular septal defect. In the twin pregnancy, the mother had ENTD Crohn's disease ENTDEND
1	ENTD talipes equinovarus ENTDEND  Despite reports to the contrary, it is suggested that ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND
0	ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND throughout pregnancy, were found to have major congenital anomalies. In the singleton pregnancy, the mother had ENTD ulcerative colitis ENTDEND
1	ENTD Potter-type IIa polycystic kidney ENTDEND and a rudimentary left uterine cornu. The second twin, a male, had some features of Potter's facies, hypoplastic lungs, absent kidneys and ureters, and talipes equinovarus. Despite reports to the contrary, it is suggested that ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND
0	ENTD inflammatory bowel disease ENTDEND who received treatment with ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND
1	ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND throughout pregnancy, were found to have major congenital anomalies. In the singleton pregnancy, the mother had ulcerative colitis, and the infant, a male, had coarctation of the aorta and a ENTD ventricular septal defect ENTDEND
1	ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND throughout pregnancy, were found to have major congenital anomalies. In the singleton pregnancy, the mother had ulcerative colitis, and the infant, a male, had ENTD coarctation of the aorta ENTDEND
0	ENTD myeloma ENTDEND .A clinical trial was initiated to evaluate the recommended dose of ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD MM ENTDEND . Thirty patients were treated with three 21-day cycles of ENTC bortezomib ENTCEND
0	ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND  for remission induction in patients with newly diagnosed ENTD myeloma ENTDEND
1	ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND  The results suggest that bortezomib in combination with ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
1	ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND  The results suggest that ENTC bortezomib ENTCEND
1	ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND  The results suggest that bortezomib in combination with cyclophosphamide at 900 mg/m(2) and ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND
1	ENTD hematological and gastrointestinal toxicities ENTDEND as well as neuropathy. The results suggest that bortezomib in combination with ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
1	ENTD hematological and gastrointestinal toxicities ENTDEND as well as neuropathy. The results suggest that ENTC bortezomib ENTCEND
1	ENTD hematological and gastrointestinal toxicities ENTDEND as well as neuropathy. The results suggest that bortezomib in combination with cyclophosphamide at 900 mg/m(2) and ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND
1	ENTD hematological and gastrointestinal toxicities ENTDEND as well as neuropathy. The results suggest that bortezomib in combination with ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
1	ENTD hematological and gastrointestinal toxicities ENTDEND as well as neuropathy. The results suggest that ENTC bortezomib ENTCEND
1	ENTD hematological and gastrointestinal toxicities ENTDEND as well as neuropathy. The results suggest that bortezomib in combination with cyclophosphamide at 900 mg/m(2) and ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND
0	ENTD arrhythmic ENTDEND rats and guinea pigs. [Ca(2+)](i) overload induced by aconitine or ouabain was reduced in isolated myocytes pretreated with pilocarpine. Moreover, M(3)-muscarinic ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
1	ENTC ouabain ENTCEND induced guinea pig ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTD arrhythmic ENTDEND rats and guinea pigs. [ ENTC Ca ENTCEND
0	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND significantly delayed onset of ENTD arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTC 4-diphenylacetoxy-N-methylpiperidine-methiodide ENTCEND  partially abolished the beneficial effects of pilocarpine. These data suggest that pilocarpine produced antiarrhythmic actions on ENTD arrhythmic ENTDEND
1	ENTD arrhythmic ENTDEND rat and guinea pig models induced by ENTC aconitine ENTCEND
0	ENTD ventricular tachycardia and fibrillation ENTDEND  reduced arrhythmia score, and increased the survival time of arrhythmic rats and guinea pigs. [Ca(2+)](i) overload induced by aconitine or ouabain was reduced in isolated myocytes pretreated with pilocarpine. Moreover, M(3)-muscarinic ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTD ventricular tachycardia and fibrillation ENTDEND  reduced arrhythmia score, and increased the survival time of arrhythmic rats and guinea pigs. [Ca(2+)](i) overload induced by aconitine or ENTC ouabain ENTCEND
0	ENTD ventricular tachycardia and fibrillation ENTDEND  reduced arrhythmia score, and increased the survival time of arrhythmic rats and guinea pigs. [ ENTC Ca ENTCEND
0	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND significantly delayed onset of arrhythmias, decreased the time course of ENTD ventricular tachycardia and fibrillation ENTDEND
0	ENTD ventricular tachycardia and fibrillation ENTDEND  reduced arrhythmia score, and increased the survival time of arrhythmic rats and guinea pigs. [Ca(2+)](i) overload induced by aconitine or ouabain was reduced in isolated myocytes pretreated with pilocarpine. Moreover, M(3)-muscarinic acetylcholine receptor (mAChR) antagonist ENTC 4-DAMP ENTCEND
0	ENTD ventricular tachycardia and fibrillation ENTDEND  reduced arrhythmia score, and increased the survival time of arrhythmic rats and guinea pigs. [Ca(2+)](i) overload induced by ENTC aconitine ENTCEND
0	ENTD ventricular tachycardia and fibrillation ENTDEND  reduced arrhythmia score, and increased the survival time of arrhythmic rats and guinea pigs. [Ca(2+)](i) overload induced by aconitine or ouabain was reduced in isolated myocytes pretreated with pilocarpine. Moreover, M(3)-muscarinic ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTD ventricular tachycardia and fibrillation ENTDEND  reduced arrhythmia score, and increased the survival time of arrhythmic rats and guinea pigs. [Ca(2+)](i) overload induced by aconitine or ENTC ouabain ENTCEND
0	ENTD ventricular tachycardia and fibrillation ENTDEND  reduced arrhythmia score, and increased the survival time of arrhythmic rats and guinea pigs. [ ENTC Ca ENTCEND
0	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND significantly delayed onset of arrhythmias, decreased the time course of ENTD ventricular tachycardia and fibrillation ENTDEND
0	ENTD ventricular tachycardia and fibrillation ENTDEND  reduced arrhythmia score, and increased the survival time of arrhythmic rats and guinea pigs. [Ca(2+)](i) overload induced by aconitine or ouabain was reduced in isolated myocytes pretreated with pilocarpine. Moreover, M(3)-muscarinic acetylcholine receptor (mAChR) antagonist ENTC 4-DAMP ENTCEND
0	ENTD ventricular tachycardia and fibrillation ENTDEND  reduced arrhythmia score, and increased the survival time of arrhythmic rats and guinea pigs. [Ca(2+)](i) overload induced by ENTC aconitine ENTCEND
0	ENTC lamivudine ENTCEND  monotherapy.Hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection, which causes ENTD liver cirrhosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC lamivudine ENTCEND  monotherapy. ENTD Hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection ENTDEND
0	ENTC lamivudine ENTCEND  monotherapy.Hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection, which causes liver cirrhosis and ENTD hepatocellular carcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD cirrhosis ENTDEND  after treatment with ENTC lamivudine ENTCEND
0	ENTC hepatitis B surface antigen and e antigen ENTCEND were observed to have disappeared in this patient. The administration of lamivudine to patients with HBV-related ENTD cirrhosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC hepatitis B surface antigen and e antigen ENTCEND were observed to have disappeared in this patient. The administration of lamivudine to patients with HBV-related ENTD cirrhosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotic ENTDEND range. Biopsies performed in five patients revealed new pathological changes: One membranoproliferative glomerulopathy and interstitial nephritis. These patients showed persistently good graft function. Serum creatinine values did not change significantly: 1.98 +/- 0.8 mg/dL before ENTC SRL ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotic ENTDEND range. Biopsies performed in five patients revealed new pathological changes: One membranoproliferative glomerulopathy and interstitial nephritis. These patients showed persistently good graft function. Serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD membranoproliferative glomerulopathy ENTDEND and interstitial nephritis. These patients showed persistently good graft function. Serum creatinine values did not change significantly: 1.98 +/- 0.8 mg/dL before ENTC SRL ENTCEND
0	ENTD membranoproliferative glomerulopathy ENTDEND and interstitial nephritis. These patients showed persistently good graft function. Serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal cell carsinom ENTDEND  or BK virus nephropathy (n = 2). ENTC SRL ENTCEND
1	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND after ENTC SRL ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND level before conversion was 2.21 mg/dL and thereafter, 4.93 mg/dL (P = .02). Heavy ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC SRL ENTCEND as conversion therapy, due to chronic allograft nephropathy (CAN) (n = 15) ENTD neoplasia ENTDEND
0	ENTD intestinal tumors ENTDEND  One renal cell carsinom) or BK virus nephropathy (n = 2). ENTC SRL ENTCEND
0	ENTC SRL ENTCEND as conversion therapy, due to ENTD chronic allograft nephropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD skin cancers ENTDEND  One intestinal tumors, One renal cell carsinom) or BK virus nephropathy (n = 2). ENTC SRL ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND (n = 2). ENTC SRL ENTCEND
0	ENTD CAN ENTDEND and Kaposi's sarcoma. Mean urinary protein of patients who returned to dialysis was 1.26 (0.5 to 3.5) g/d before and 4.7 (3 to 12) g/d after conversion (P = .01). Mean serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTC SRL ENTCEND as conversion therapy, due to chronic allograft nephropathy (CAN) (n = 15) neoplasia (n = 8); ENTD Kaposi's sarcoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD Kaposi's sarcoma ENTDEND  Mean urinary protein of patients who returned to dialysis was 1.26 (0.5 to 3.5) g/d before and 4.7 (3 to 12) g/d after conversion (P = .01). Mean serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD interstitial nephritis ENTDEND  These patients showed persistently good graft function. Serum creatinine values did not change significantly: 1.98 +/- 0.8 mg/dL before ENTC SRL ENTCEND
0	ENTD interstitial nephritis ENTDEND  These patients showed persistently good graft function. Serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND  in prevention of the ENTD arthralgia ENTDEND
1	ENTC iron dextran ENTCEND has been well documented. In 40% of treated patients, an ENTD arthralgia ENTDEND
0	ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND  in prevention of the arthralgia ENTD myalgia ENTDEND
0	ENTD myalgia ENTDEND  syndrome associated with the total dose infusion of ENTC iron dextran ENTCEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND and their metabolites decreased significantly after MA administration, which was inhibited by the alpha-TC and DFO pretreatment. alpha-TC and DFO attenuated the MA-induced hyperthermia as well as the alterations in the locomotor activity. The level of lipid peroxidation was higher and the reduced glutathione concentration was lower in the MA-treated rats. These changes were significantly attenuated by alpha-TC and DFO. This suggests that alpha-TC and DFO ameliorate the MA-induced ENTD neuronal damage ENTDEND
1	ENTC MA ENTCEND induced ENTD neuronal damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC DFO ENTCEND ameliorate the MA-induced ENTD neuronal damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC DA ENTCEND , serotonin and their metabolites decreased significantly after MA administration, which was inhibited by the alpha-TC and DFO pretreatment. alpha-TC and DFO attenuated the MA-induced hyperthermia as well as the alterations in the locomotor activity. The level of lipid peroxidation was higher and the reduced glutathione concentration was lower in the MA-treated rats. These changes were significantly attenuated by alpha-TC and DFO. This suggests that alpha-TC and DFO ameliorate the MA-induced ENTD neuronal damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC glutathione ENTCEND concentration was lower in the MA-treated rats. These changes were significantly attenuated by alpha-TC and DFO. This suggests that alpha-TC and DFO ameliorate the MA-induced ENTD neuronal damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC alpha-TC ENTCEND and DFO ameliorate the MA-induced ENTD neuronal damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC iron ENTCEND chelator, on the MA-induced neurotoxicity. Male rats were treated with MA (10 mg/kg, every 2 h for four injections). The rat received either alpha-TC (20 mg/kg) intraperitoneally for 3 days and 30 min prior to MA administration or DFO (50 mg/kg) subcutaneously 30 min before MA administration. The concentrations of dopamine (DA), serotonin and their metabolites decreased significantly after MA administration, which was inhibited by the alpha-TC and DFO pretreatment. alpha-TC and DFO attenuated the MA-induced ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND and their metabolites decreased significantly after MA administration, which was inhibited by the alpha-TC and DFO pretreatment. alpha-TC and DFO attenuated the MA-induced ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND
1	ENTC MA ENTCEND induced ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND species, and deferoxamine (DFO), an iron chelator, on the MA-induced neurotoxicity. Male rats were treated with MA (10 mg/kg, every 2 h for four injections). The rat received either alpha-TC (20 mg/kg) intraperitoneally for 3 days and 30 min prior to MA administration or DFO (50 mg/kg) subcutaneously 30 min before MA administration. The concentrations of dopamine (DA), serotonin and their metabolites decreased significantly after MA administration, which was inhibited by the alpha-TC and DFO pretreatment. alpha-TC and DFO attenuated the MA-induced ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND
0	ENTC DFO ENTCEND attenuated the MA-induced ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND
0	ENTC DA ENTCEND , serotonin and their metabolites decreased significantly after MA administration, which was inhibited by the alpha-TC and DFO pretreatment. alpha-TC and DFO attenuated the MA-induced ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND as well as the alterations in the locomotor activity. The level of lipid peroxidation was higher and the reduced ENTC glutathione ENTCEND
0	ENTC alpha-TC ENTCEND and DFO attenuated the MA-induced ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND
0	ENTC iron ENTCEND chelator, on the MA-induced ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND  Male rats were treated with MA (10 mg/kg, every 2 h for four injections). The rat received either alpha-TC (20 mg/kg) intraperitoneally for 3 days and 30 min prior to MA administration or DFO (50 mg/kg) subcutaneously 30 min before MA administration. The concentrations of dopamine (DA), ENTC serotonin ENTCEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND . ENTC Methamphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND species, and deferoxamine (DFO), an iron chelator, on the MA-induced ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC deferoxamine ENTCEND  on methamphetamine-induced ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND  Male rats were treated with MA (10 mg/kg, every 2 h for four injections). The rat received either alpha-TC (20 mg/kg) intraperitoneally for 3 days and 30 min prior to MA administration or DFO (50 mg/kg) subcutaneously 30 min before MA administration. The concentrations of ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND  Male rats were treated with MA (10 mg/kg, every 2 h for four injections). The rat received either alpha-TC (20 mg/kg) intraperitoneally for 3 days and 30 min prior to MA administration or DFO (50 mg/kg) subcutaneously 30 min before MA administration. The concentrations of dopamine (DA), serotonin and their metabolites decreased significantly after MA administration, which was inhibited by the alpha-TC and DFO pretreatment. alpha-TC and DFO attenuated the MA-induced hyperthermia as well as the alterations in the locomotor activity. The level of lipid peroxidation was higher and the reduced ENTC glutathione ENTCEND
0	ENTC alpha-tocopherol ENTCEND  and deferoxamine on methamphetamine-induced ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND impaired platelet function in patients with SAH. If ketoprofen is used before surgery on cerebral artery aneurysms, it may pose an additional risk factor for ENTD hemorrhage ENTDEND
0	ENTC ketoprofen ENTCEND is used before surgery on cerebral artery aneurysms, it may pose an additional risk factor for ENTD hemorrhage ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND group on the third postoperative day as compared with the pretreatment platelet aggregation results (P < .05). One patient in the ketoprofen group developed a postoperative intracranial ENTD hematoma ENTDEND
1	ENTC ketoprofen ENTCEND group developed a postoperative intracranial ENTD hematoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC adenosine diphosphate ENTCEND decreased after administration of ketoprofen. Aggregation was lower (P < .05) in the ketoprofen group than in the acetaminophen group just before surgery and on the third postoperative day. In contrast, maximal platelet aggregation increased in the acetaminophen group on the third postoperative day as compared with the pretreatment platelet aggregation results (P < .05). One patient in the ketoprofen group developed a postoperative intracranial ENTD hematoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND impaired platelet function in patients with SAH. If ketoprofen is used before surgery on cerebral ENTD artery aneurysms ENTDEND
0	ENTC ketoprofen ENTCEND is used before surgery on cerebral ENTD artery aneurysms ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND impaired platelet function in patients with ENTD SAH ENTDEND
0	ENTD SAH ENTDEND  If ENTC ketoprofen ENTCEND
0	ENTD SAH ENTDEND  Treatment was continued for 3 days postoperatively. Test blood samples were taken before treatment and surgery as well as on the first, third, and fifth postoperative mornings. Maximal platelet aggregation induced by 6 microM of ENTC adenosine diphosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND group, n = 9) starting immediately after the diagnosis of ENTD aneurysmal ENTDEND
0	ENTC ketoprofen ENTCEND group, n = 9) or a weak NSAID, acetaminophen, 1 g, three times a day (acetaminophen group, n = 9) starting immediately after the diagnosis of ENTD aneurysmal ENTDEND
0	ENTD aneurysmal ENTDEND SAH. Treatment was continued for 3 days postoperatively. Test blood samples were taken before treatment and surgery as well as on the first, third, and fifth postoperative mornings. Maximal platelet aggregation induced by 6 microM of ENTC adenosine diphosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTD platelet aggregation ENTDEND increased in the ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND
1	ENTD platelet aggregation ENTDEND results (P < .05). One patient in the ENTC ketoprofen ENTCEND
0	ENTD platelet aggregation ENTDEND induced by 6 microM of ENTC adenosine diphosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTC tamoxifen ENTCEND had more ENTD advanced disease ENTDEND
1	ENTD endometrial cancer ENTDEND and ENTC tamoxifen ENTCEND
0	ENTC tamoxifen ENTCEND for ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND
1	ENTD hemoglobinuria ENTDEND was noted approximately 60 minutes postinjection of ENTC WR242511 ENTCEND
0	ENTC 8-aminoquinoline ENTCEND WR242511, a potent long-lasting MHb former in rodents and beagle dogs, was studied in the rhesus monkey for advanced development as a potential CN pretreatment. METHODS: In this study, WR242511 was administered intravenously (IV) in 2 female and 4 male rhesus monkeys in doses of 3.5 and/or 7.0 mg/kg; a single male also received WR242511 orally (PO) at 7.0 mg/kg. Health status and MHb levels were monitored following exposure. RESULTS: The selected doses of WR242511, which produced significant methemoglobinemia in beagle dogs in earlier studies conducted elsewhere, produced very little MHb (mean < 2.0%) in the rhesus monkey. Furthermore, transient ENTD hemoglobinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC WR242511 ENTCEND should not be pursued as a pretreatment for CN ENTD poisoning ENTDEND
0	ENTD poisoning ENTDEND  it has been proposed that a stable, long-acting MHb former could serve as a CN pretreatment. Using this rationale, the ENTC 8-aminoquinoline ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  It is concluded that ENTC WR242511 ENTCEND
0	ENTD Toxicity ENTDEND  in rhesus monkeys following administration of the ENTC 8-aminoquinoline ENTCEND
0	ENTC WR242511 ENTCEND  which produced significant ENTD methemoglobinemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC 8-aminoquinoline ENTCEND WR242511, a potent long-lasting MHb former in rodents and beagle dogs, was studied in the rhesus monkey for advanced development as a potential CN pretreatment. METHODS: In this study, WR242511 was administered intravenously (IV) in 2 female and 4 male rhesus monkeys in doses of 3.5 and/or 7.0 mg/kg; a single male also received WR242511 orally (PO) at 7.0 mg/kg. Health status and MHb levels were monitored following exposure. RESULTS: The selected doses of WR242511, which produced significant ENTD methemoglobinemia ENTDEND
1	ENTD liver and kidney toxicity ENTDEND  with greater severity in the orally-treated animal. CONCLUSIONS: These data demonstrate direct and/or indirect drug-induced toxicity. It is concluded that ENTC WR242511 ENTCEND
1	ENTC WR242511 ENTCEND (3.5 or 7.0 mg/kg), and 2 lethalities occurred (one IV and one PO) following the 7.0 mg/kg dose. ENTD Myoglobinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC 8-aminoquinoline ENTCEND WR242511, a potent long-lasting MHb former in rodents and beagle dogs, was studied in the rhesus monkey for advanced development as a potential CN pretreatment. METHODS: In this study, WR242511 was administered intravenously (IV) in 2 female and 4 male rhesus monkeys in doses of 3.5 and/or 7.0 mg/kg; a single male also received WR242511 orally (PO) at 7.0 mg/kg. Health status and MHb levels were monitored following exposure. RESULTS: The selected doses of WR242511, which produced significant methemoglobinemia in beagle dogs in earlier studies conducted elsewhere, produced very little MHb (mean < 2.0%) in the rhesus monkey. Furthermore, transient hemoglobinuria was noted approximately 60 minutes postinjection of WR242511 (3.5 or 7.0 mg/kg), and 2 lethalities occurred (one IV and one PO) following the 7.0 mg/kg dose. ENTD Myoglobinuria ENTDEND
1	ENTD liver and kidney toxicity ENTDEND  with greater severity in the orally-treated animal. CONCLUSIONS: These data demonstrate direct and/or indirect drug-induced toxicity. It is concluded that ENTC WR242511 ENTCEND
0	ENTC ammonia ENTCEND blocks calcium channels. Parallels in the actions of NH4Ac and the calcium channel blocker verapamil support this concept. Both verapamil (10 mg/kg i.p.) and NH4Ac pretreatment enhanced morphine analgesia- and diazepam-induced muscular incoordination and antagonized amphetamine-induced motor activity, and neither verapamil nor NH4Ac affected the convulsant action of metrazol. The data suggest that ENTD hyperammonemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND  but NH4Ac treatment alone had no effect. Thus, ENTD hyperammonemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND induced motor activity, and neither verapamil nor NH4Ac affected the convulsant action of metrazol. The data suggest that ENTD hyperammonemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperammonemia ENTDEND .Pretreatment with ENTC ammonium acetate ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperammonemia ENTDEND .Pretreatment with ammonium acetate (NH4Ac) (6 mmol/kg s.c.) approximately doubled the time ENTC morphine ENTCEND
0	ENTC metrazol ENTCEND  The data suggest that ENTD hyperammonemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperammonemia ENTDEND exerts a ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC verapamil ENTCEND nor NH4Ac affected the convulsant action of metrazol. The data suggest that ENTD hyperammonemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperammonemia ENTDEND is capable of altering drug action and must be considered along with impaired drug metabolism in enhanced drug responses associated with liver disease. Experiments in vitro showed that ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperammonemia ENTDEND is capable of altering drug action and must be considered along with impaired drug metabolism in enhanced drug responses associated with liver disease. Experiments in vitro showed that acetylcholine-induced ENTC catecholamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperammonemia ENTDEND is capable of altering drug action and must be considered along with impaired drug metabolism in enhanced drug responses associated with liver disease. Experiments in vitro showed that acetylcholine-induced catecholamine release from bovine adrenal medulla is depressed as much as 50% by 0.3 mM NH4Ac and ENTC KCl ENTCEND
0	ENTC acetaldehyde ENTCEND was not blocked by NH4Ac. These results suggested that ammonia blocks calcium channels. Parallels in the actions of NH4Ac and the calcium channel blocker verapamil support this concept. Both verapamil (10 mg/kg i.p.) and NH4Ac pretreatment enhanced morphine analgesia- and diazepam-induced muscular incoordination and antagonized amphetamine-induced motor activity, and neither verapamil nor NH4Ac affected the convulsant action of metrazol. The data suggest that ENTD hyperammonemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC ammonia ENTCEND blocks calcium channels. Parallels in the actions of NH4Ac and the calcium channel blocker verapamil support this concept. Both verapamil (10 mg/kg i.p.) and NH4Ac pretreatment enhanced morphine analgesia- and diazepam-induced muscular ENTD incoordination ENTDEND
1	ENTD incoordination ENTDEND by ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTD incoordination ENTDEND and antagonized ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD incoordination ENTDEND by diazepam, but ENTC NH4Ac ENTCEND
0	ENTC morphine ENTCEND analgesia- and diazepam-induced muscular ENTD incoordination ENTDEND
0	ENTD incoordination ENTDEND and antagonized amphetamine-induced motor activity, and neither verapamil nor NH4Ac affected the convulsant action of ENTC metrazol ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND channel blocker verapamil support this concept. Both verapamil (10 mg/kg i.p.) and NH4Ac pretreatment enhanced morphine analgesia- and diazepam-induced muscular ENTD incoordination ENTDEND
0	ENTD incoordination ENTDEND and antagonized amphetamine-induced motor activity, and neither ENTC verapamil ENTCEND
0	ENTD incoordination ENTDEND by diazepam, but NH4Ac treatment alone had no effect. Thus, hyperammonemia is capable of altering drug action and must be considered along with impaired drug metabolism in enhanced drug responses associated with liver disease. Experiments in vitro showed that ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTD incoordination ENTDEND by diazepam, but NH4Ac treatment alone had no effect. Thus, hyperammonemia is capable of altering drug action and must be considered along with impaired drug metabolism in enhanced drug responses associated with liver disease. Experiments in vitro showed that acetylcholine-induced ENTC catecholamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD incoordination ENTDEND by diazepam, but NH4Ac treatment alone had no effect. Thus, hyperammonemia is capable of altering drug action and must be considered along with impaired drug metabolism in enhanced drug responses associated with liver disease. Experiments in vitro showed that acetylcholine-induced catecholamine release from bovine adrenal medulla is depressed as much as 50% by 0.3 mM NH4Ac and ENTC KCl ENTCEND
0	ENTC acetaldehyde ENTCEND was not blocked by NH4Ac. These results suggested that ammonia blocks calcium channels. Parallels in the actions of NH4Ac and the calcium channel blocker verapamil support this concept. Both verapamil (10 mg/kg i.p.) and NH4Ac pretreatment enhanced morphine analgesia- and diazepam-induced muscular ENTD incoordination ENTDEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND in both tissues, but calcium-independent catecholamine release by acetaldehyde was not blocked by NH4Ac. These results suggested that ENTC ammonia ENTCEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND in both tissues, but calcium-independent catecholamine release by acetaldehyde was not blocked by NH4Ac. These results suggested that ammonia blocks calcium channels. Parallels in the actions of NH4Ac and the calcium channel blocker verapamil support this concept. Both verapamil (10 mg/kg i.p.) and NH4Ac pretreatment enhanced morphine analgesia- and ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND in both tissues, but calcium-independent catecholamine release by acetaldehyde was not blocked by NH4Ac. These results suggested that ammonia blocks calcium channels. Parallels in the actions of NH4Ac and the calcium channel blocker verapamil support this concept. Both verapamil (10 mg/kg i.p.) and NH4Ac pretreatment enhanced morphine analgesia- and diazepam-induced muscular incoordination and antagonized ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC NH4Ac ENTCEND  Addition of excess calcium reversed the ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND in both tissues, but calcium-independent catecholamine release by acetaldehyde was not blocked by NH4Ac. These results suggested that ammonia blocks calcium channels. Parallels in the actions of NH4Ac and the calcium channel blocker verapamil support this concept. Both verapamil (10 mg/kg i.p.) and NH4Ac pretreatment enhanced ENTC morphine ENTCEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND in both tissues, but calcium-independent catecholamine release by acetaldehyde was not blocked by NH4Ac. These results suggested that ammonia blocks calcium channels. Parallels in the actions of NH4Ac and the calcium channel blocker verapamil support this concept. Both verapamil (10 mg/kg i.p.) and NH4Ac pretreatment enhanced morphine analgesia- and diazepam-induced muscular incoordination and antagonized amphetamine-induced motor activity, and neither verapamil nor NH4Ac affected the convulsant action of ENTC metrazol ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND reversed the ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND in both tissues, but calcium-independent catecholamine release by acetaldehyde was not blocked by NH4Ac. These results suggested that ammonia blocks calcium channels. Parallels in the actions of NH4Ac and the calcium channel blocker ENTC verapamil ENTCEND
0	ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND induced catecholamine release from bovine adrenal medulla is depressed as much as 50% by 0.3 mM NH4Ac and KCl-induced contractions of guinea-pig ileum were inhibited 20% by 5 mM NH4Ac. Addition of excess calcium reversed the ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND in both tissues, but calcium-independent ENTC catecholamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC KCl ENTCEND induced contractions of guinea-pig ileum were inhibited 20% by 5 mM NH4Ac. Addition of excess calcium reversed the ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND in both tissues, but calcium-independent catecholamine release by ENTC acetaldehyde ENTCEND
0	ENTC ammonia ENTCEND blocks calcium channels. Parallels in the actions of NH4Ac and the calcium channel blocker verapamil support this concept. Both verapamil (10 mg/kg i.p.) and NH4Ac pretreatment enhanced morphine ENTD analgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD analgesia ENTDEND  and ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTD analgesia ENTDEND  and diazepam-induced muscular incoordination and antagonized ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC NH4Ac ENTCEND pretreatment enhanced morphine ENTD analgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC morphine ENTCEND ENTD analgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD analgesia ENTDEND  and diazepam-induced muscular incoordination and antagonized amphetamine-induced motor activity, and neither verapamil nor NH4Ac affected the convulsant action of ENTC metrazol ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND channel blocker verapamil support this concept. Both verapamil (10 mg/kg i.p.) and NH4Ac pretreatment enhanced morphine ENTD analgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC verapamil ENTCEND (10 mg/kg i.p.) and NH4Ac pretreatment enhanced morphine ENTD analgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND induced catecholamine release from bovine adrenal medulla is depressed as much as 50% by 0.3 mM NH4Ac and KCl-induced contractions of guinea-pig ileum were inhibited 20% by 5 mM NH4Ac. Addition of excess calcium reversed the depression in both tissues, but calcium-independent catecholamine release by acetaldehyde was not blocked by NH4Ac. These results suggested that ammonia blocks calcium channels. Parallels in the actions of NH4Ac and the calcium channel blocker verapamil support this concept. Both verapamil (10 mg/kg i.p.) and NH4Ac pretreatment enhanced morphine ENTD analgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC catecholamine ENTCEND release by acetaldehyde was not blocked by NH4Ac. These results suggested that ammonia blocks calcium channels. Parallels in the actions of NH4Ac and the calcium channel blocker verapamil support this concept. Both verapamil (10 mg/kg i.p.) and NH4Ac pretreatment enhanced morphine ENTD analgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC KCl ENTCEND induced contractions of guinea-pig ileum were inhibited 20% by 5 mM NH4Ac. Addition of excess calcium reversed the depression in both tissues, but calcium-independent catecholamine release by acetaldehyde was not blocked by NH4Ac. These results suggested that ammonia blocks calcium channels. Parallels in the actions of NH4Ac and the calcium channel blocker verapamil support this concept. Both verapamil (10 mg/kg i.p.) and NH4Ac pretreatment enhanced morphine ENTD analgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetaldehyde ENTCEND was not blocked by NH4Ac. These results suggested that ammonia blocks calcium channels. Parallels in the actions of NH4Ac and the calcium channel blocker verapamil support this concept. Both verapamil (10 mg/kg i.p.) and NH4Ac pretreatment enhanced morphine ENTD analgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD liver disease ENTDEND  Experiments in vitro showed that acetylcholine-induced catecholamine release from bovine adrenal medulla is depressed as much as 50% by 0.3 mM NH4Ac and KCl-induced contractions of guinea-pig ileum were inhibited 20% by 5 mM NH4Ac. Addition of excess calcium reversed the depression in both tissues, but calcium-independent catecholamine release by acetaldehyde was not blocked by NH4Ac. These results suggested that ENTC ammonia ENTCEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND  but NH4Ac treatment alone had no effect. Thus, hyperammonemia is capable of altering drug action and must be considered along with impaired drug metabolism in enhanced drug responses associated with ENTD liver disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD liver disease ENTDEND  Experiments in vitro showed that acetylcholine-induced catecholamine release from bovine adrenal medulla is depressed as much as 50% by 0.3 mM NH4Ac and KCl-induced contractions of guinea-pig ileum were inhibited 20% by 5 mM NH4Ac. Addition of excess calcium reversed the depression in both tissues, but calcium-independent catecholamine release by acetaldehyde was not blocked by NH4Ac. These results suggested that ammonia blocks calcium channels. Parallels in the actions of NH4Ac and the calcium channel blocker verapamil support this concept. Both verapamil (10 mg/kg i.p.) and NH4Ac pretreatment enhanced morphine analgesia- and diazepam-induced muscular incoordination and antagonized ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD liver disease ENTDEND  Experiments in vitro showed that acetylcholine-induced catecholamine release from bovine adrenal medulla is depressed as much as 50% by 0.3 mM ENTC NH4Ac ENTCEND
0	ENTC morphine ENTCEND treated mice remained on a hot surface and similarly increased muscular incoordination by diazepam, but NH4Ac treatment alone had no effect. Thus, hyperammonemia is capable of altering drug action and must be considered along with impaired drug metabolism in enhanced drug responses associated with ENTD liver disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD liver disease ENTDEND  Experiments in vitro showed that acetylcholine-induced catecholamine release from bovine adrenal medulla is depressed as much as 50% by 0.3 mM NH4Ac and KCl-induced contractions of guinea-pig ileum were inhibited 20% by 5 mM NH4Ac. Addition of excess calcium reversed the depression in both tissues, but calcium-independent catecholamine release by acetaldehyde was not blocked by NH4Ac. These results suggested that ammonia blocks calcium channels. Parallels in the actions of NH4Ac and the calcium channel blocker verapamil support this concept. Both verapamil (10 mg/kg i.p.) and NH4Ac pretreatment enhanced morphine analgesia- and diazepam-induced muscular incoordination and antagonized amphetamine-induced motor activity, and neither verapamil nor NH4Ac affected the convulsant action of ENTC metrazol ENTCEND
0	ENTD liver disease ENTDEND  Experiments in vitro showed that acetylcholine-induced catecholamine release from bovine adrenal medulla is depressed as much as 50% by 0.3 mM NH4Ac and KCl-induced contractions of guinea-pig ileum were inhibited 20% by 5 mM NH4Ac. Addition of excess ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD liver disease ENTDEND  Experiments in vitro showed that acetylcholine-induced catecholamine release from bovine adrenal medulla is depressed as much as 50% by 0.3 mM NH4Ac and KCl-induced contractions of guinea-pig ileum were inhibited 20% by 5 mM NH4Ac. Addition of excess calcium reversed the depression in both tissues, but calcium-independent catecholamine release by acetaldehyde was not blocked by NH4Ac. These results suggested that ammonia blocks calcium channels. Parallels in the actions of NH4Ac and the calcium channel blocker ENTC verapamil ENTCEND
0	ENTD liver disease ENTDEND  Experiments in vitro showed that ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTD liver disease ENTDEND  Experiments in vitro showed that acetylcholine-induced ENTC catecholamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD liver disease ENTDEND  Experiments in vitro showed that acetylcholine-induced catecholamine release from bovine adrenal medulla is depressed as much as 50% by 0.3 mM NH4Ac and ENTC KCl ENTCEND
0	ENTD liver disease ENTDEND  Experiments in vitro showed that acetylcholine-induced catecholamine release from bovine adrenal medulla is depressed as much as 50% by 0.3 mM NH4Ac and KCl-induced contractions of guinea-pig ileum were inhibited 20% by 5 mM NH4Ac. Addition of excess calcium reversed the depression in both tissues, but calcium-independent catecholamine release by ENTC acetaldehyde ENTCEND
0	ENTD rigidity ENTDEND were sustained in the 11 patients examined at two years. The improvement in ipsilateral dyskinesias was lost after one year, and the improvements in postural stability and gait lasted only three to six months. Approximately half the patients who had been dependent on assistance in activities of daily living in the off period before surgery became independent after surgery. The complications of surgery were generally well tolerated, and there were no significant changes in the use of medication. CONCLUSIONS: In late-stage Parkinson's disease, pallidotomy significantly reduces ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND  pallidotomy significantly reduces ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
1	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND induced ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND
0	ENTD bradykinesia ENTDEND  and rigidity were sustained in the 11 patients examined at two years. The improvement in ipsilateral dyskinesias was lost after one year, and the improvements in postural stability and gait lasted only three to six months. Approximately half the patients who had been dependent on assistance in activities of daily living in the off period before surgery became independent after surgery. The complications of surgery were generally well tolerated, and there were no significant changes in the use of medication. CONCLUSIONS: In late-stage Parkinson's disease, pallidotomy significantly reduces ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
1	ENTC Prostaglandin E2 ENTCEND -induced ENTD bladder hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC tachykinins ENTCEND  contribute to both urge and ENTD bladder hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTD bladder hyperactivity ENTDEND  in normal, conscious rats: involvement of tachykinins?In normal conscious rats investigated by continuous cystometry, intravesically instilled prostaglandin (PG) E2 facilitated micturition and increased basal intravesical pressure. The effect was attenuated by both the NK1 receptor selective antagonist ENTC RP 67,580 ENTCEND
0	ENTD bladder hyperactivity ENTDEND  in normal, conscious rats: involvement of tachykinins?In normal conscious rats investigated by continuous cystometry, intravesically instilled prostaglandin (PG) E2 facilitated micturition and increased basal intravesical pressure. The effect was attenuated by both the NK1 receptor selective antagonist RP 67,580 and the NK2 receptor selective antagonist ENTC SR 48,968 ENTCEND
0	ENTC Prostanoids ENTCEND may, via release of tachykinins, contribute to both urge and ENTD bladder hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC enalapril ENTCEND  and prazosin in the initial treatment phase of patients with ENTD congestive heart failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC prazosin ENTCEND  in the initial treatment phase of patients with ENTD congestive heart failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD congestive heart failure ENTDEND .Since the introduction of ENTC angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND on the first day of treatment. Trial medication was 2.5 mg ENTC enalapril ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND (5.2%) than the patients who received ENTC prazosin ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND  especially on the first day of treatment, have occasionally been reported. To assess the safety of the ENTC ACE inhibitor ENTCEND
0	ENTD thrombosis ENTDEND or vessel rupture. We present a 43-year-old man who developed a coronary aneurysm in the right coronary artery 6 months after receiving a ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND
1	ENTD Coronary aneurysm ENTDEND  after implantation of a ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND
0	ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND eluting stent. The patient was asymptomatic and the ENTD aneurysm ENTDEND
0	ENTD memory and learning impairments ENTDEND  in rats: involvement of nuclear factor kappa B and oxidative stress, and prevention by topiramate.Different mechanisms have been suggested for cocaine toxicity including an increase in oxidative stress but the association between oxidative status in the brain and cocaine induced-behaviour is poorly understood. Nuclear factor kappa B (NFkappaB) is a sensor of oxidative stress and participates in memory formation that could be involved in drug toxicity and addiction mechanisms. Therefore NFkappaB activity, oxidative stress, neuronal nitric oxide synthase (nNOS) activity, spatial learning and memory as well as the effect of topiramate, a previously proposed therapy for cocaine addiction, were evaluated in an experimental model of cocaine administration in rats. NFkappaB activity was decreased in the frontal cortex of cocaine treated rats, as well as ENTC GSH ENTCEND
0	ENTD memory and learning impairments ENTDEND  in rats: involvement of nuclear factor kappa B and oxidative stress, and prevention by ENTC topiramate ENTCEND
1	ENTC Cocaine ENTCEND  causes ENTD memory and learning impairments ENTDEND
0	ENTD memory and learning impairments ENTDEND  in rats: involvement of nuclear factor kappa B and oxidative stress, and prevention by topiramate.Different mechanisms have been suggested for cocaine toxicity including an increase in oxidative stress but the association between oxidative status in the brain and cocaine induced-behaviour is poorly understood. Nuclear factor kappa B (NFkappaB) is a sensor of oxidative stress and participates in memory formation that could be involved in drug toxicity and addiction mechanisms. Therefore NFkappaB activity, oxidative stress, neuronal ENTC nitric oxide ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND and addiction mechanisms. Therefore NFkappaB activity, oxidative stress, neuronal nitric oxide synthase (nNOS) activity, spatial learning and memory as well as the effect of topiramate, a previously proposed therapy for cocaine addiction, were evaluated in an experimental model of cocaine administration in rats. NFkappaB activity was decreased in the frontal cortex of cocaine treated rats, as well as ENTC GSH ENTCEND
0	ENTC topiramate ENTCEND .Different mechanisms have been suggested for cocaine ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND and addiction mechanisms. Therefore NFkappaB activity, oxidative stress, neuronal ENTC nitric oxide ENTCEND
0	ENTD memory and learning impairments ENTDEND  in rats: involvement of nuclear factor kappa B and oxidative stress, and prevention by topiramate.Different mechanisms have been suggested for cocaine toxicity including an increase in oxidative stress but the association between oxidative status in the brain and cocaine induced-behaviour is poorly understood. Nuclear factor kappa B (NFkappaB) is a sensor of oxidative stress and participates in memory formation that could be involved in drug toxicity and addiction mechanisms. Therefore NFkappaB activity, oxidative stress, neuronal nitric oxide synthase (nNOS) activity, spatial learning and memory as well as the effect of topiramate, a previously proposed therapy for cocaine addiction, were evaluated in an experimental model of cocaine administration in rats. NFkappaB activity was decreased in the frontal cortex of cocaine treated rats, as well as ENTC GSH ENTCEND
0	ENTD memory and learning impairments ENTDEND  in rats: involvement of nuclear factor kappa B and oxidative stress, and prevention by ENTC topiramate ENTCEND
1	ENTC Cocaine ENTCEND  causes ENTD memory and learning impairments ENTDEND
0	ENTD memory and learning impairments ENTDEND  in rats: involvement of nuclear factor kappa B and oxidative stress, and prevention by topiramate.Different mechanisms have been suggested for cocaine toxicity including an increase in oxidative stress but the association between oxidative status in the brain and cocaine induced-behaviour is poorly understood. Nuclear factor kappa B (NFkappaB) is a sensor of oxidative stress and participates in memory formation that could be involved in drug toxicity and addiction mechanisms. Therefore NFkappaB activity, oxidative stress, neuronal ENTC nitric oxide ENTCEND
0	ENTD cocaine addiction ENTDEND  were evaluated in an experimental model of cocaine administration in rats. NFkappaB activity was decreased in the frontal cortex of cocaine treated rats, as well as ENTC GSH ENTCEND
0	ENTC topiramate ENTCEND  a previously proposed therapy for ENTD cocaine addiction ENTDEND
0	ENTD cocaine addiction ENTDEND  were evaluated in an experimental model of ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC nitric oxide ENTCEND synthase (nNOS) activity, spatial learning and memory as well as the effect of topiramate, a previously proposed therapy for ENTD cocaine addiction ENTDEND
0	ENTC 4-aminopyridine ENTCEND failed to improve blood pressure. The incidence of ENTD ventricular arrhythmias ENTDEND
1	ENTC desipramine ENTCEND IP followed in 15 min by 4-aminopyridine or saline. RESULTS: NaHCO3 briefly (5 min) reversed hypotension and QRS prolongation. CaCl2 and 4-aminopyridine failed to improve blood pressure. The incidence of ENTD ventricular arrhythmias ENTDEND
1	ENTD ventricular arrhythmias ENTDEND (p = 0.004) and seizures (p = 0.03) in the ENTC CaCl2 ENTCEND
0	ENTC NaHCO3 ENTCEND briefly (5 min) reversed hypotension and QRS prolongation. CaCl2 and 4-aminopyridine failed to improve blood pressure. The incidence of ENTD ventricular arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTD ventricular arrhythmias ENTDEND (p = 0.004) and seizures (p = 0.03) in the CaCl2 group was higher than the other groups. CONCLUSION: The administration of CaCl2 or 4-aminopyridine did not reverse tricyclic antidepressant-induced hypotension in rats. CaCl2 therapy may possibly worsen both cardiovascular and central nervous system toxicity. These findings do not support a role for ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC 4-aminopyridine ENTCEND did not reverse tricyclic antidepressant-induced hypotension in rats. CaCl2 therapy may possibly worsen both ENTD cardiovascular and central nervous system toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC desipramine ENTCEND IP followed in 15 min by 4-aminopyridine or saline. RESULTS: NaHCO3 briefly (5 min) reversed hypotension and QRS prolongation. CaCl2 and 4-aminopyridine failed to improve blood pressure. The incidence of ventricular arrhythmias (p = 0.004) and seizures (p = 0.03) in the CaCl2 group was higher than the other groups. CONCLUSION: The administration of CaCl2 or 4-aminopyridine did not reverse tricyclic antidepressant-induced hypotension in rats. CaCl2 therapy may possibly worsen both ENTD cardiovascular and central nervous system toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC CaCl2 ENTCEND therapy may possibly worsen both ENTD cardiovascular and central nervous system toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC NaHCO3 ENTCEND briefly (5 min) reversed hypotension and QRS prolongation. CaCl2 and 4-aminopyridine failed to improve blood pressure. The incidence of ventricular arrhythmias (p = 0.004) and seizures (p = 0.03) in the CaCl2 group was higher than the other groups. CONCLUSION: The administration of CaCl2 or 4-aminopyridine did not reverse tricyclic antidepressant-induced hypotension in rats. CaCl2 therapy may possibly worsen both ENTD cardiovascular and central nervous system toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiovascular and central nervous system toxicity ENTDEND  These findings do not support a role for ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND and QRS prolongation. CaCl2 and ENTC 4-aminopyridine ENTCEND
1	ENTC desipramine ENTCEND IP to produce ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND in rats. ENTC CaCl2 ENTCEND
0	ENTC NaHCO3 ENTCEND briefly (5 min) reversed ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND channel blockade in tricyclic antidepressant-induced ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC 4-aminopyridine ENTCEND  therapy on desipramine ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC desipramine ENTCEND ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC calcium chloride ENTCEND  and 4-aminopyridine therapy on desipramine ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  in rats.BACKGROUND: Hypotension is a major contributor to mortality in tricyclic antidepressant overdose. Recent data suggest that tricyclic antidepressants inhibit ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC 4-aminopyridine ENTCEND did not reverse tricyclic antidepressant-induced hypotension in rats. CaCl2 therapy may possibly worsen both ENTD cardiovascular and central nervous system toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC desipramine ENTCEND IP followed in 15 min by 4-aminopyridine or saline. RESULTS: NaHCO3 briefly (5 min) reversed hypotension and QRS prolongation. CaCl2 and 4-aminopyridine failed to improve blood pressure. The incidence of ventricular arrhythmias (p = 0.004) and seizures (p = 0.03) in the CaCl2 group was higher than the other groups. CONCLUSION: The administration of CaCl2 or 4-aminopyridine did not reverse tricyclic antidepressant-induced hypotension in rats. CaCl2 therapy may possibly worsen both ENTD cardiovascular and central nervous system toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC CaCl2 ENTCEND therapy may possibly worsen both ENTD cardiovascular and central nervous system toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC NaHCO3 ENTCEND briefly (5 min) reversed hypotension and QRS prolongation. CaCl2 and 4-aminopyridine failed to improve blood pressure. The incidence of ventricular arrhythmias (p = 0.004) and seizures (p = 0.03) in the CaCl2 group was higher than the other groups. CONCLUSION: The administration of CaCl2 or 4-aminopyridine did not reverse tricyclic antidepressant-induced hypotension in rats. CaCl2 therapy may possibly worsen both ENTD cardiovascular and central nervous system toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiovascular and central nervous system toxicity ENTDEND  These findings do not support a role for ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC 4-aminopyridine ENTCEND  Anesthetized rats received the tricyclic antidepressant desipramine IP to produce hypotension, QRS prolongation, and ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
1	ENTC desipramine ENTCEND IP to produce hypotension, QRS prolongation, and ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND  Fifteen min later, animals received ENTC CaCl2 ENTCEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND  Fifteen min later, animals received CaCl2, ENTC NaHCO3 ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND channel blocker overdose. CaCl2 and 4-aminopyridine. Anesthetized rats received the tricyclic antidepressant desipramine IP to produce hypotension, QRS prolongation, and ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC 4-aminopyridine ENTCEND failed to improve blood pressure. The incidence of ventricular arrhythmias (p = 0.004) and ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC desipramine ENTCEND IP followed in 15 min by 4-aminopyridine or saline. RESULTS: NaHCO3 briefly (5 min) reversed hypotension and QRS prolongation. CaCl2 and 4-aminopyridine failed to improve blood pressure. The incidence of ventricular arrhythmias (p = 0.004) and ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND (p = 0.03) in the ENTC CaCl2 ENTCEND
0	ENTC NaHCO3 ENTCEND briefly (5 min) reversed hypotension and QRS prolongation. CaCl2 and 4-aminopyridine failed to improve blood pressure. The incidence of ventricular arrhythmias (p = 0.004) and ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND (p = 0.03) in the CaCl2 group was higher than the other groups. CONCLUSION: The administration of CaCl2 or 4-aminopyridine did not reverse tricyclic antidepressant-induced hypotension in rats. CaCl2 therapy may possibly worsen both cardiovascular and central nervous system toxicity. These findings do not support a role for ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD overdose ENTDEND  CaCl2 and ENTC 4-aminopyridine ENTCEND
0	ENTD overdose ENTDEND  CaCl2 and 4-aminopyridine. Anesthetized rats received the tricyclic antidepressant ENTC desipramine ENTCEND
0	ENTD overdose ENTDEND  ENTC CaCl2 ENTCEND
0	ENTD overdose ENTDEND  CaCl2 and 4-aminopyridine. Anesthetized rats received the tricyclic antidepressant desipramine IP to produce hypotension, QRS prolongation, and bradycardia. Fifteen min later, animals received CaCl2, ENTC NaHCO3 ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND channel blocker ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTD Muscle rigidity ENTDEND was induced by haloperidol (2.5 mg/kg i.p.). ENTC 5,7-dichlorokynurenic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD Muscle rigidity ENTDEND was induced by haloperidol (2.5 mg/kg i.p.). 5,7-dichlorokynurenic acid (5,7-DCKA), a selective ENTC glycine ENTCEND
0	ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND (MMG) and the enhanced electromyographic activity (EMG). 5,7-DCKA injected bilaterally in a dose of 4.5 microg/0.5 microl into the intermediate-caudal region of the striatum of rats not pretreated with haloperidol had no effect on the muscle tone. The present results suggest that blockade of the glycine site of ENTC NMDA ENTCEND
1	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND induced ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND
0	ENTD ischemia ENTDEND occurring four to twenty days after the initiation of ENTC heparin ENTCEND
0	ENTD ischemic ENTDEND in origin, and might serve to warn the clinician of these complications. Previous reports of these phenomena as well as recent studies of the effect of heparin are reviewed. The common factor relating thromboembolism and thrombocytopenia is heparin-induced platelet aggregation. Appropriate treatment consists of discontinuation of heparin, and anticoagulation with ENTC sodium warfarin ENTCEND
1	ENTC heparin ENTCEND therapy. Characteristic of the entity is ENTD arterial occlusion ENTDEND
0	ENTD arterial occlusion ENTDEND by platelet-fibrin thrombi with distal ischemia occurring four to twenty days after the initiation of heparin therapy, preceded by profound thrombocytopenia with platelet counts in the range of 30,000 to 40,000 per cubic millimeter. The clinically apparent occlusion may be preceded by gastrointestinal and musculoskeletal symptoms that appear to be ischemic in origin, and might serve to warn the clinician of these complications. Previous reports of these phenomena as well as recent studies of the effect of heparin are reviewed. The common factor relating thromboembolism and thrombocytopenia is heparin-induced platelet aggregation. Appropriate treatment consists of discontinuation of heparin, and anticoagulation with ENTC sodium warfarin ENTCEND
1	ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND is ENTC heparin ENTCEND
0	ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND is heparin-induced platelet aggregation. Appropriate treatment consists of discontinuation of heparin, and anticoagulation with ENTC sodium warfarin ENTCEND
0	ENTD thromboembolism ENTDEND and thrombocytopenia is ENTC heparin ENTCEND
0	ENTD thromboembolism ENTDEND and thrombocytopenia is heparin-induced platelet aggregation. Appropriate treatment consists of discontinuation of heparin, and anticoagulation with ENTC sodium warfarin ENTCEND
0	ENTC heparin ENTCEND therapy, preceded by profound thrombocytopenia with platelet counts in the range of 30,000 to 40,000 per cubic millimeter. The clinically apparent occlusion may be preceded by ENTD gastrointestinal and musculoskeletal symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTD gastrointestinal and musculoskeletal symptoms ENTDEND that appear to be ischemic in origin, and might serve to warn the clinician of these complications. Previous reports of these phenomena as well as recent studies of the effect of heparin are reviewed. The common factor relating thromboembolism and thrombocytopenia is heparin-induced platelet aggregation. Appropriate treatment consists of discontinuation of heparin, and anticoagulation with ENTC sodium warfarin ENTCEND
0	ENTD thrombi ENTDEND with distal ischemia occurring four to twenty days after the initiation of ENTC heparin ENTCEND
0	ENTD thrombi ENTDEND with distal ischemia occurring four to twenty days after the initiation of heparin therapy, preceded by profound thrombocytopenia with platelet counts in the range of 30,000 to 40,000 per cubic millimeter. The clinically apparent occlusion may be preceded by gastrointestinal and musculoskeletal symptoms that appear to be ischemic in origin, and might serve to warn the clinician of these complications. Previous reports of these phenomena as well as recent studies of the effect of heparin are reviewed. The common factor relating thromboembolism and thrombocytopenia is heparin-induced platelet aggregation. Appropriate treatment consists of discontinuation of heparin, and anticoagulation with ENTC sodium warfarin ENTCEND
0	ENTC heparin ENTCEND therapy, preceded by profound thrombocytopenia with platelet counts in the range of 30,000 to 40,000 per cubic millimeter. The clinically apparent occlusion may be preceded by ENTD gastrointestinal and musculoskeletal symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTD gastrointestinal and musculoskeletal symptoms ENTDEND that appear to be ischemic in origin, and might serve to warn the clinician of these complications. Previous reports of these phenomena as well as recent studies of the effect of heparin are reviewed. The common factor relating thromboembolism and thrombocytopenia is heparin-induced platelet aggregation. Appropriate treatment consists of discontinuation of heparin, and anticoagulation with ENTC sodium warfarin ENTCEND
0	ENTC heparin ENTCEND induced ENTD platelet aggregation ENTDEND
0	ENTD platelet aggregation ENTDEND  Appropriate treatment consists of discontinuation of heparin, and anticoagulation with ENTC sodium warfarin ENTCEND
0	ENTD cerebrovascular accident ENTDEND has been described as a complication of chemotherapy, most commonly in recipients of intrathecal ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTD cerebrovascular accidents ENTDEND were excluded. RESULTS: We identified 27 reports of toxic leukoencephalopathy in patients treated with methotrexate (intrathecal, systemic), 5-fluorouracil and its derivative ENTC carmofur ENTCEND
0	ENTD cerebrovascular accidents ENTDEND were excluded. RESULTS: We identified 27 reports of toxic leukoencephalopathy in patients treated with methotrexate (intrathecal, systemic), ENTC 5-fluorouracil ENTCEND
0	ENTD cerebrovascular accidents ENTDEND were excluded. RESULTS: We identified 27 reports of toxic leukoencephalopathy in patients treated with methotrexate (intrathecal, systemic), 5-fluorouracil and its derivative carmofur, and ENTC capecitabine ENTCEND
1	ENTD leukoencephalopathy ENTDEND in patients treated with ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
1	ENTD leukoencephalopathy ENTDEND in patients treated with methotrexate (intrathecal, systemic), 5-fluorouracil and its derivative ENTC carmofur ENTCEND
1	ENTD leukoencephalopathy ENTDEND in patients treated with methotrexate (intrathecal, systemic), ENTC 5-fluorouracil ENTCEND
1	ENTC capecitabine ENTCEND  Diffusion weighted imaging (DWI) of all patients revealed well demarcated hyperintense ENTD lesions within the subcortical white matter ENTDEND
0	ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND for childhood ENTD leukaemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD leukaemia ENTDEND  Recently published neuroimaging data suggest a common pathophysiology associated with a variety of chemotherapy agents and modes of administration. METHODS: We reviewed the medical literature for single reports and case series of patients presenting with stroke-like episodes while receiving systemic or intrathecal chemotherapy. We only included studies providing detailed neuroimaging data. Patients with cerebrovascular accidents were excluded. RESULTS: We identified 27 reports of toxic leukoencephalopathy in patients treated with methotrexate (intrathecal, systemic), 5-fluorouracil and its derivative ENTC carmofur ENTCEND
0	ENTD leukaemia ENTDEND  Recently published neuroimaging data suggest a common pathophysiology associated with a variety of chemotherapy agents and modes of administration. METHODS: We reviewed the medical literature for single reports and case series of patients presenting with stroke-like episodes while receiving systemic or intrathecal chemotherapy. We only included studies providing detailed neuroimaging data. Patients with cerebrovascular accidents were excluded. RESULTS: We identified 27 reports of toxic leukoencephalopathy in patients treated with methotrexate (intrathecal, systemic), ENTC 5-fluorouracil ENTCEND
0	ENTD leukaemia ENTDEND  Recently published neuroimaging data suggest a common pathophysiology associated with a variety of chemotherapy agents and modes of administration. METHODS: We reviewed the medical literature for single reports and case series of patients presenting with stroke-like episodes while receiving systemic or intrathecal chemotherapy. We only included studies providing detailed neuroimaging data. Patients with cerebrovascular accidents were excluded. RESULTS: We identified 27 reports of toxic leukoencephalopathy in patients treated with methotrexate (intrathecal, systemic), 5-fluorouracil and its derivative carmofur, and ENTC capecitabine ENTCEND
0	ENTD stroke ENTDEND -like presentation in chemotherapy recipients.BACKGROUND: A transient leukoencephalopathy mimicking cerebrovascular accident has been described as a complication of chemotherapy, most commonly in recipients of intrathecal ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTD stroke ENTDEND like episodes while receiving systemic or intrathecal chemotherapy. We only included studies providing detailed neuroimaging data. Patients with cerebrovascular accidents were excluded. RESULTS: We identified 27 reports of toxic leukoencephalopathy in patients treated with methotrexate (intrathecal, systemic), 5-fluorouracil and its derivative ENTC carmofur ENTCEND
0	ENTD stroke ENTDEND like episodes while receiving systemic or intrathecal chemotherapy. We only included studies providing detailed neuroimaging data. Patients with cerebrovascular accidents were excluded. RESULTS: We identified 27 reports of toxic leukoencephalopathy in patients treated with methotrexate (intrathecal, systemic), ENTC 5-fluorouracil ENTCEND
0	ENTD stroke ENTDEND like episodes while receiving systemic or intrathecal chemotherapy. We only included studies providing detailed neuroimaging data. Patients with cerebrovascular accidents were excluded. RESULTS: We identified 27 reports of toxic leukoencephalopathy in patients treated with methotrexate (intrathecal, systemic), 5-fluorouracil and its derivative carmofur, and ENTC capecitabine ENTCEND
0	ENTC methyl dopa ENTCEND treated patients with ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND
1	ENTD depressions ENTDEND occurring in ENTC methyl dopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD Hypertensive ENTDEND patients with psychiatric histories had a higher prevalence of depression than the comparison patients. This was accounted for by a significant number of depressions occurring in ENTC methyl dopa ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-hydroxytryptaminergic agonists ENTCEND were tested for their ability to reverse haloperidol induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC buspirone ENTCEND  reverses ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
1	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND  Drugs with affinity for other ENTC 5-HT ENTCEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND  for ENTD chronic hepatitis C ENTDEND
0	ENTC interferon ENTCEND  and ribavirin for ENTD chronic hepatitis C ENTDEND
0	ENTD anemia ENTDEND related signs during therapy. After that, these 37 patients were reduced one tablet of ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND
0	ENTC interferon ENTCEND and ribavirin. Because of ribavirin-related hemolytic anemia, dose reduction is a common event in this therapy. In this clinical retrospective cohort study we have examined the suitable timing of ribavirin reduction in patients with hemolysis during combination therapy. METHODS: Thirty-seven of 160 patients who had HCV-genotype 1b, had high virus load, and received 24-week combination therapy developed ENTD anemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND related ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC interferon ENTCEND and ribavirin. Because of ribavirin-related ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND  reduction in patients with ENTD hemolysis ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemolysis ENTDEND  during combination therapy of ENTC interferon ENTCEND
0	ENTD facial dermatitis ENTDEND  Skin biopsy specimens showed telangiectasia and noncaseating epithelioid granulomatous tissue formation in the papillary to mid dermis. Continuous topical use of immunomodulators such as tacrolimus or ENTC pimecrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND ointment for ENTD facial dermatitis ENTDEND
1	ENTD eruptions ENTDEND while using 0.03% or 0.1% tacrolimus ointment for facial dermatitis. Skin biopsy specimens showed telangiectasia and noncaseating epithelioid granulomatous tissue formation in the papillary to mid dermis. Continuous topical use of immunomodulators such as tacrolimus or ENTC pimecrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD eruptions ENTDEND while using 0.03% or 0.1% ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD rosacea ENTDEND like dermatitis eruptions while using 0.03% or 0.1% tacrolimus ointment for facial dermatitis. Skin biopsy specimens showed telangiectasia and noncaseating epithelioid granulomatous tissue formation in the papillary to mid dermis. Continuous topical use of immunomodulators such as tacrolimus or ENTC pimecrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD rosacea ENTDEND like dermatitis eruptions while using 0.03% or 0.1% ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
1	ENTC pimecrolimus ENTCEND should be regarded as a potential cause of rosaceiform ENTD dermatitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD dermatitis ENTDEND  associated with topical ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
1	ENTD telangiectasia ENTDEND and noncaseating epithelioid granulomatous tissue formation in the papillary to mid dermis. Continuous topical use of immunomodulators such as tacrolimus or ENTC pimecrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND ointment for facial dermatitis. Skin biopsy specimens showed ENTD telangiectasia ENTDEND
0	ENTD PD ENTDEND  patients. Due to the interdependence of risk factors in clinical populations, it is difficult to independently examine factors that may influence the development of LIDs. Using macaque monkeys with different types of ENTC MPTP ENTCEND
0	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND -induced dyskinesias in ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND
0	ENTD LIDs ENTDEND  Monkeys with acute (short-term) ENTC MPTP ENTCEND
1	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND -induced ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND
1	ENTC MPTP ENTCEND induced ENTD parkinsonism ENTDEND
0	ENTD parkinsonism ENTDEND  the current study evaluated the degree to which rate of symptom progression, symptom severity, and response to and duration of ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD atherosclerotic lesion ENTDEND formation in male mice to a greater extent than in female mice. Furthermore, peripheral blood monocytes isolated from ritonavir-treated females had less ENTC cholesteryl ester ENTCEND
1	ENTC ritonavir ENTCEND treatment increases ENTD atherosclerotic lesion ENTDEND
0	ENTD atherosclerotic lesion ENTDEND formation in male mice to a greater extent than in female mice. Furthermore, peripheral blood monocytes isolated from ritonavir-treated females had less cholesteryl ester accumulation. In the present study, we have investigated the molecular mechanisms by which female hormones influence cholesterol metabolism in macrophages in response to the HIV protease inhibitor ritonavir. We have utilized the human monocyte cell line, THP-1 as a model to address this question. Briefly, cells were differentiated for 72 h with 100 nM PMA to obtain a macrophage-like phenotype in the presence or absence of 1 nM ENTC 17beta-estradiol ENTCEND
0	ENTD atherosclerotic lesion ENTDEND formation in male mice to a greater extent than in female mice. Furthermore, peripheral blood monocytes isolated from ritonavir-treated females had less cholesteryl ester accumulation. In the present study, we have investigated the molecular mechanisms by which female hormones influence ENTC cholesterol ENTCEND
0	ENTD atherosclerotic lesion ENTDEND formation in male mice to a greater extent than in female mice. Furthermore, peripheral blood monocytes isolated from ritonavir-treated females had less cholesteryl ester accumulation. In the present study, we have investigated the molecular mechanisms by which female hormones influence cholesterol metabolism in macrophages in response to the HIV protease inhibitor ritonavir. We have utilized the human monocyte cell line, THP-1 as a model to address this question. Briefly, cells were differentiated for 72 h with 100 nM PMA to obtain a macrophage-like phenotype in the presence or absence of 1 nM 17beta-estradiol (E2), 100 nM progesterone or vehicle (0.01% ENTC ethanol ENTCEND
0	ENTD atherosclerotic lesion ENTDEND formation in male mice to a greater extent than in female mice. Furthermore, peripheral blood monocytes isolated from ritonavir-treated females had less cholesteryl ester accumulation. In the present study, we have investigated the molecular mechanisms by which female hormones influence cholesterol metabolism in macrophages in response to the HIV protease inhibitor ritonavir. We have utilized the human monocyte cell line, THP-1 as a model to address this question. Briefly, cells were differentiated for 72 h with 100 nM PMA to obtain a macrophage-like phenotype in the presence or absence of 1 nM 17beta-estradiol (E2), 100 nM ENTC progesterone ENTCEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND and amphetamine use with hemorrhagic and ENTD ischemic ENTDEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND use with hemorrhagic and ENTD ischemic ENTDEND
1	ENTD Stroke ENTDEND  and ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
1	ENTD Stroke ENTDEND  and cocaine or ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND induced dyskinesias ( ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
1	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND -induced ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND is widely used in the treatment of many neurologic and ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND
1	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND and atrioventricular block, induced by ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND
1	ENTD sinus tachycardias ENTDEND in the setting of a massive ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND
1	ENTD atrioventricular block ENTDEND  induced by ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Carbamazepine ENTCEND -induced ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTC methoctramine ENTCEND increased -- instead of decreased -- the tonic responses at high frequencies. While contractions to carbachol and ATP were the same in inflamed and in control strips when related to a reference potassium response, isoprenaline-induced relaxations were smaller in inflamed strips. Thus, in ENTD cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC ATP ENTCEND were the same in inflamed and in control strips when related to a reference potassium response, isoprenaline-induced relaxations were smaller in inflamed strips. Thus, in ENTD cystitis ENTDEND
1	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND -induced ENTD cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbachol ENTCEND and ATP were the same in inflamed and in control strips when related to a reference potassium response, isoprenaline-induced relaxations were smaller in inflamed strips. Thus, in ENTD cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND response, isoprenaline-induced relaxations were smaller in inflamed strips. Thus, in ENTD cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC pirenzepine ENTCEND and 4-DAMP antagonism on the tonic component was much less efficient than in controls. In contrast to controls, methoctramine increased -- instead of decreased -- the tonic responses at high frequencies. While contractions to carbachol and ATP were the same in inflamed and in control strips when related to a reference potassium response, isoprenaline-induced relaxations were smaller in inflamed strips. Thus, in ENTD cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD cystitis ENTDEND was presently investigated. Responses of urinary strip preparations from control and cyclophosphamide-pretreated rats to electrical field stimulation and to agonists were assessed in the absence and presence of muscarinic, adrenergic and purinergic receptor antagonists. Generally, ENTC atropine ENTCEND
0	ENTC isoprenaline ENTCEND induced relaxations were smaller in inflamed strips. Thus, in ENTD cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD cystitis ENTDEND was presently investigated. Responses of urinary strip preparations from control and cyclophosphamide-pretreated rats to electrical field stimulation and to agonists were assessed in the absence and presence of muscarinic, adrenergic and purinergic receptor antagonists. Generally, atropine reduced contractions, but in contrast to controls, it also reduced responses to low electrical field stimulation intensity (1-5 Hz) in inflamed preparations. In both types, purinoceptor desensitization with ENTC alpha,beta-methylene adenosine-5'-triphosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTC 4-DAMP ENTCEND antagonism on the tonic component was much less efficient than in controls. In contrast to controls, methoctramine increased -- instead of decreased -- the tonic responses at high frequencies. While contractions to carbachol and ATP were the same in inflamed and in control strips when related to a reference potassium response, isoprenaline-induced relaxations were smaller in inflamed strips. Thus, in ENTD cystitis ENTDEND
1	ENTC androgen ENTCEND produced symptoms of ENTD obstructive sleep apnea ENTDEND
0	ENTC androgens ENTCEND in the pathogenesis of ENTD sleep apnea ENTDEND
0	ENTD right heart failure ENTDEND was diagnosed in a patient requiring continuous venovenous hemodiafiltration (CVVHDF). Increasing doses of catecholamines, sedatives, and muscle relaxants administered through a central venous catheter were ineffective. However, a bolus of ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTD right heart failure ENTDEND was diagnosed in a patient requiring continuous venovenous hemodiafiltration (CVVHDF). Increasing doses of ENTC catecholamines ENTCEND
1	ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND injected through an alternative catheter provoked a ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND crisis. Thus, interference with the central venous infusion by the dialysis catheter was suspected. The catheters were changed, and hemodynamics stabilized at lower ENTC catecholamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND .Activation of the nuclear enzyme ENTC poly(ADP-ribose) ENTCEND
1	ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND -induced ENTD heart failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND .Activation of the nuclear enzyme poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) by oxidant-mediated DNA damage is an important pathway of cell dysfunction and tissue injury in conditions associated with oxidative stress. Increased oxidative stress is a major factor implicated in the cardiotoxicity of doxorubicin (DOX), a widely used antitumor anthracycline antibiotic. Thus, we hypothesized that the activation of PARP may contribute to the DOX-induced cardiotoxicity. Using a dual approach of PARP-1 suppression, by genetic deletion or pharmacological inhibition with the phenanthridinone PARP inhibitor ENTC PJ34 ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND .Activation of the nuclear enzyme poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) by oxidant-mediated DNA damage is an important pathway of cell dysfunction and tissue injury in conditions associated with oxidative stress. Increased oxidative stress is a major factor implicated in the cardiotoxicity of doxorubicin (DOX), a widely used antitumor ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND
0	ENTC lactate ENTCEND dehydrogenase and creatine kinase activities but not metalloproteinase activation in the heart. Thus, PARP activation contributes to the ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC poly(ADP-ribose) ENTCEND polymerase (PARP) by oxidant-mediated DNA damage is an important pathway of cell dysfunction and tissue injury in conditions associated with oxidative stress. Increased oxidative stress is a major factor implicated in the ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND of ENTC DOX ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND  Using a dual approach of PARP-1 suppression, by genetic deletion or pharmacological inhibition with the phenanthridinone PARP inhibitor ENTC PJ34 ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND of doxorubicin (DOX), a widely used antitumor ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND kinase activities but not metalloproteinase activation in the heart. Thus, PARP activation contributes to the ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND and increased the survival of the animals. In addition PJ34 significantly reduced the DOX-induced increase in the serum ENTC lactate ENTCEND
0	ENTC poly(ADP-ribose) ENTCEND polymerase (PARP) by oxidant-mediated DNA damage is an important pathway of cell dysfunction and tissue injury in conditions associated with oxidative stress. Increased oxidative stress is a major factor implicated in the cardiotoxicity of doxorubicin (DOX), a widely used antitumor anthracycline antibiotic. Thus, we hypothesized that the activation of PARP may contribute to the DOX-induced cardiotoxicity. Using a dual approach of PARP-1 suppression, by genetic deletion or pharmacological inhibition with the phenanthridinone PARP inhibitor PJ34, we now demonstrate the role of PARP in the development of ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND induced by ENTC DOX ENTCEND
0	ENTC PJ34 ENTCEND significantly improved ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND antibiotic. Thus, we hypothesized that the activation of PARP may contribute to the DOX-induced cardiotoxicity. Using a dual approach of PARP-1 suppression, by genetic deletion or pharmacological inhibition with the phenanthridinone PARP inhibitor PJ34, we now demonstrate the role of PARP in the development of ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND and increased the survival of the animals. In addition PJ34 significantly reduced the DOX-induced increase in the serum lactate dehydrogenase and ENTC creatine ENTCEND
0	ENTC lactate ENTCEND dehydrogenase and creatine kinase activities but not metalloproteinase activation in the heart. Thus, PARP activation contributes to the cardiotoxicity of DOX. PARP inhibitors may exert protective effects against the development of severe ENTD cardiac complications ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac complications ENTDEND associated with the ENTC DOX ENTCEND
0	ENTC PJ34 ENTCEND significantly reduced the DOX-induced increase in the serum lactate dehydrogenase and creatine kinase activities but not metalloproteinase activation in the heart. Thus, PARP activation contributes to the cardiotoxicity of DOX. PARP inhibitors may exert protective effects against the development of severe ENTD cardiac complications ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND kinase activities but not metalloproteinase activation in the heart. Thus, PARP activation contributes to the cardiotoxicity of DOX. PARP inhibitors may exert protective effects against the development of severe ENTD cardiac complications ENTDEND
0	ENTD Pain ENTDEND  responses in ENTC methadone ENTCEND
0	ENTC ketorolac ENTCEND 10 mg) analgesic agents. Results showed that MM individuals were significantly less tolerant of CP ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND was examined, both before and after oral administration of therapeutic doses of common opioid ( ENTC hydromorphone ENTCEND
1	ENTC methadone ENTCEND maintenance (MM) treatment (n = 60) in comparison to matched nondependent control subjects (n = 60). By using a placebo-controlled, two-way factorial design, tolerance to cold-pressor (CP) pain was examined, both before and after oral administration of therapeutic doses of common opioid (hydromorphone 2 mg) and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory (ketorolac 10 mg) analgesic agents. Results showed that MM individuals were significantly less tolerant of CP pain than control subjects, replicating previous work. Analgesic effects were significant neither for medication nor group. These data indicate that MM opioid abusers represent a ENTD pain-intolerant ENTDEND
0	ENTC ketorolac ENTCEND 10 mg) analgesic agents. Results showed that MM individuals were significantly less tolerant of CP pain than control subjects, replicating previous work. Analgesic effects were significant neither for medication nor group. These data indicate that MM opioid abusers represent a ENTD pain-intolerant ENTDEND
0	ENTC hydromorphone ENTCEND 2 mg) and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory (ketorolac 10 mg) analgesic agents. Results showed that MM individuals were significantly less tolerant of CP pain than control subjects, replicating previous work. Analgesic effects were significant neither for medication nor group. These data indicate that MM opioid abusers represent a ENTD pain-intolerant ENTDEND
0	ENTD opioid addicts ENTDEND stabilized in ENTC methadone ENTCEND
0	ENTD opioid addicts ENTDEND stabilized in methadone-maintenance (MM) treatment (n = 60) in comparison to matched nondependent control subjects (n = 60). By using a placebo-controlled, two-way factorial design, tolerance to cold-pressor (CP) pain was examined, both before and after oral administration of therapeutic doses of common opioid (hydromorphone 2 mg) and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory ( ENTC ketorolac ENTCEND
0	ENTD opioid addicts ENTDEND stabilized in methadone-maintenance (MM) treatment (n = 60) in comparison to matched nondependent control subjects (n = 60). By using a placebo-controlled, two-way factorial design, tolerance to cold-pressor (CP) pain was examined, both before and after oral administration of therapeutic doses of common opioid ( ENTC hydromorphone ENTCEND
0	ENTD Pain ENTDEND not responsive to ENTC morphine ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND intensity in almost all the patients at both doses. This effect was more relevant in patients treated with higher doses. Hallucinations occurred in 4 patients, and an unpleasant sensation ("empty head") was also reported by 2 patients. These episodes reversed after the administration of ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTC NMDA ENTCEND  antagonists, such as ketamine, may be effective in improving opioid analgesia in difficult ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC Ketamine ENTCEND can improve morphine analgesia in difficult ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC morphine ENTCEND analgesia in difficult pain syndromes, such as ENTD neuropathic pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND 1 mg intravenously. Significant increases in drowsiness were reported in patients treated with ketamine in both groups and were more marked with ketamine 0.50 mg/kg. A significant difference in MMSE was observed at T30 in patients who received 0.50 mg/kg of ketamine. Ketamine can improve morphine analgesia in difficult pain syndromes, such as ENTD neuropathic pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC NMDA ENTCEND  antagonists, such as ketamine, may be effective in improving opioid analgesia in difficult pain syndromes, such as ENTD neuropathic pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD neuropathic pain ENTDEND  A slow bolus of subhypnotic doses of ENTC ketamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC morphine ENTCEND in a randomized, double-blind, crossover, double-dose study. Pain intensity on a 0 to 10 numerical scale; nausea and ENTD vomiting ENTDEND
0	ENTD vomiting ENTDEND  drowsiness, confusion, and dry mouth, using a scale from 0 to 3 (not at all, slight, a lot, awful); Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) (0-30); and arterial pressure were recorded before administration of drugs (T0) and after 30 minutes (T30), 60 minutes (T60), 120 minutes (T120), and 180 minutes (T180). Ketamine, but not saline solution, significantly reduced the pain intensity in almost all the patients at both doses. This effect was more relevant in patients treated with higher doses. Hallucinations occurred in 4 patients, and an unpleasant sensation ("empty head") was also reported by 2 patients. These episodes reversed after the administration of ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTC NMDA ENTCEND  antagonists, such as ketamine, may be effective in improving opioid analgesia in difficult pain syndromes, such as neuropathic pain. A slow bolus of subhypnotic doses of ketamine (0.25 mg/kg or 0.50 mg/kg) was given to 10 cancer patients whose pain was unrelieved by morphine in a randomized, double-blind, crossover, double-dose study. Pain intensity on a 0 to 10 numerical scale; nausea and ENTD vomiting ENTDEND
0	ENTC ketamine ENTCEND (0.25 mg/kg or 0.50 mg/kg) was given to 10 cancer patients whose pain was unrelieved by morphine in a randomized, double-blind, crossover, double-dose study. Pain intensity on a 0 to 10 numerical scale; nausea and ENTD vomiting ENTDEND
0	ENTD cancer ENTDEND  patients on ENTC morphine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cancer ENTDEND patients whose pain was unrelieved by morphine in a randomized, double-blind, crossover, double-dose study. Pain intensity on a 0 to 10 numerical scale; nausea and vomiting, drowsiness, confusion, and dry mouth, using a scale from 0 to 3 (not at all, slight, a lot, awful); Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) (0-30); and arterial pressure were recorded before administration of drugs (T0) and after 30 minutes (T30), 60 minutes (T60), 120 minutes (T120), and 180 minutes (T180). Ketamine, but not saline solution, significantly reduced the pain intensity in almost all the patients at both doses. This effect was more relevant in patients treated with higher doses. Hallucinations occurred in 4 patients, and an unpleasant sensation ("empty head") was also reported by 2 patients. These episodes reversed after the administration of ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTD cancer ENTDEND  patients on morphine therapy: a randomized, controlled, double-blind, crossover, double-dose study.Pain not responsive to morphine is often problematic. Animal and clinical studies have suggested that ENTC N-methyl-D-aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTC ketamine ENTCEND  in ENTD cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTC morphine ENTCEND in a randomized, double-blind, crossover, double-dose study. Pain intensity on a 0 to 10 numerical scale; nausea and vomiting, drowsiness, ENTD confusion ENTDEND
0	ENTD confusion ENTDEND  and dry mouth, using a scale from 0 to 3 (not at all, slight, a lot, awful); Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) (0-30); and arterial pressure were recorded before administration of drugs (T0) and after 30 minutes (T30), 60 minutes (T60), 120 minutes (T120), and 180 minutes (T180). Ketamine, but not saline solution, significantly reduced the pain intensity in almost all the patients at both doses. This effect was more relevant in patients treated with higher doses. Hallucinations occurred in 4 patients, and an unpleasant sensation ("empty head") was also reported by 2 patients. These episodes reversed after the administration of ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTC NMDA ENTCEND  antagonists, such as ketamine, may be effective in improving opioid analgesia in difficult pain syndromes, such as neuropathic pain. A slow bolus of subhypnotic doses of ketamine (0.25 mg/kg or 0.50 mg/kg) was given to 10 cancer patients whose pain was unrelieved by morphine in a randomized, double-blind, crossover, double-dose study. Pain intensity on a 0 to 10 numerical scale; nausea and vomiting, drowsiness, ENTD confusion ENTDEND
0	ENTC ketamine ENTCEND (0.25 mg/kg or 0.50 mg/kg) was given to 10 cancer patients whose pain was unrelieved by morphine in a randomized, double-blind, crossover, double-dose study. Pain intensity on a 0 to 10 numerical scale; nausea and vomiting, drowsiness, ENTD confusion ENTDEND
0	ENTC morphine ENTCEND in a randomized, double-blind, crossover, double-dose study. Pain intensity on a 0 to 10 numerical scale; ENTD nausea ENTDEND
0	ENTD nausea ENTDEND and vomiting, drowsiness, confusion, and dry mouth, using a scale from 0 to 3 (not at all, slight, a lot, awful); Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) (0-30); and arterial pressure were recorded before administration of drugs (T0) and after 30 minutes (T30), 60 minutes (T60), 120 minutes (T120), and 180 minutes (T180). Ketamine, but not saline solution, significantly reduced the pain intensity in almost all the patients at both doses. This effect was more relevant in patients treated with higher doses. Hallucinations occurred in 4 patients, and an unpleasant sensation ("empty head") was also reported by 2 patients. These episodes reversed after the administration of ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTC NMDA ENTCEND  antagonists, such as ketamine, may be effective in improving opioid analgesia in difficult pain syndromes, such as neuropathic pain. A slow bolus of subhypnotic doses of ketamine (0.25 mg/kg or 0.50 mg/kg) was given to 10 cancer patients whose pain was unrelieved by morphine in a randomized, double-blind, crossover, double-dose study. Pain intensity on a 0 to 10 numerical scale; ENTD nausea ENTDEND
0	ENTC ketamine ENTCEND (0.25 mg/kg or 0.50 mg/kg) was given to 10 cancer patients whose pain was unrelieved by morphine in a randomized, double-blind, crossover, double-dose study. Pain intensity on a 0 to 10 numerical scale; ENTD nausea ENTDEND
0	ENTC morphine ENTCEND in a randomized, double-blind, crossover, double-dose study. Pain intensity on a 0 to 10 numerical scale; nausea and vomiting, drowsiness, confusion, and ENTD dry mouth ENTDEND
0	ENTD dry mouth ENTDEND  using a scale from 0 to 3 (not at all, slight, a lot, awful); Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) (0-30); and arterial pressure were recorded before administration of drugs (T0) and after 30 minutes (T30), 60 minutes (T60), 120 minutes (T120), and 180 minutes (T180). Ketamine, but not saline solution, significantly reduced the pain intensity in almost all the patients at both doses. This effect was more relevant in patients treated with higher doses. Hallucinations occurred in 4 patients, and an unpleasant sensation ("empty head") was also reported by 2 patients. These episodes reversed after the administration of ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTC NMDA ENTCEND  antagonists, such as ketamine, may be effective in improving opioid analgesia in difficult pain syndromes, such as neuropathic pain. A slow bolus of subhypnotic doses of ketamine (0.25 mg/kg or 0.50 mg/kg) was given to 10 cancer patients whose pain was unrelieved by morphine in a randomized, double-blind, crossover, double-dose study. Pain intensity on a 0 to 10 numerical scale; nausea and vomiting, drowsiness, confusion, and ENTD dry mouth ENTDEND
0	ENTC ketamine ENTCEND (0.25 mg/kg or 0.50 mg/kg) was given to 10 cancer patients whose pain was unrelieved by morphine in a randomized, double-blind, crossover, double-dose study. Pain intensity on a 0 to 10 numerical scale; nausea and vomiting, drowsiness, confusion, and ENTD dry mouth ENTDEND
0	ENTD Hallucinations ENTDEND occurred in 4 patients, and an unpleasant sensation ("empty head") was also reported by 2 patients. These episodes reversed after the administration of diazepam 1 mg intravenously. Significant increases in drowsiness were reported in patients treated with ketamine in both groups and were more marked with ketamine 0.50 mg/kg. A significant difference in MMSE was observed at T30 in patients who received 0.50 mg/kg of ketamine. Ketamine can improve ENTC morphine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Hallucinations ENTDEND occurred in 4 patients, and an unpleasant sensation ("empty head") was also reported by 2 patients. These episodes reversed after the administration of ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTC NMDA ENTCEND  antagonists, such as ketamine, may be effective in improving opioid analgesia in difficult pain syndromes, such as neuropathic pain. A slow bolus of subhypnotic doses of ketamine (0.25 mg/kg or 0.50 mg/kg) was given to 10 cancer patients whose pain was unrelieved by morphine in a randomized, double-blind, crossover, double-dose study. Pain intensity on a 0 to 10 numerical scale; nausea and vomiting, drowsiness, confusion, and dry mouth, using a scale from 0 to 3 (not at all, slight, a lot, awful); Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) (0-30); and arterial pressure were recorded before administration of drugs (T0) and after 30 minutes (T30), 60 minutes (T60), 120 minutes (T120), and 180 minutes (T180). Ketamine, but not saline solution, significantly reduced the pain intensity in almost all the patients at both doses. This effect was more relevant in patients treated with higher doses. ENTD Hallucinations ENTDEND
1	ENTC Ketamine ENTCEND  but not saline solution, significantly reduced the pain intensity in almost all the patients at both doses. This effect was more relevant in patients treated with higher doses. ENTD Hallucinations ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclosporin ENTCEND  Because of the need for the development of new treatments for ENTD Crohn's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD Crohn's disease ENTDEND  with ENTC fusidic acid ENTCEND
1	ENTC fusidic acid ENTCEND treatment: 3 at two weeks and 2 after four weeks. There were no serious clinical side effects, but dose reduction was required in two patients because of ENTD nausea ENTDEND
0	ENTC fusidic acid ENTCEND at the cytokine level in ENTD inflammatory bowel disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC glycopyrrolate ENTCEND  and atropine in the prevention of bradycardia and ENTD arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTD arrhythmias ENTDEND  following repeated doses of ENTC suxamethonium ENTCEND
0	ENTC atropine ENTCEND  in the prevention of bradycardia and ENTD arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTC glycopyrrolate ENTCEND and atropine. A frequency of ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
1	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND following repeated doses of ENTC suxamethonium ENTCEND
0	ENTC atropine ENTCEND  A frequency of ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD human immunodeficiency virus infection ENTDEND  One of the twins developed complete heart block and dilated cardiomyopathy related to ENTC lopinavir/ritonavir ENTCEND
1	ENTD dilated cardiomyopathy ENTDEND related to ENTC lopinavir/ritonavir ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac toxicity ENTDEND  related to ENTC lopinavir/ritonavir ENTCEND
1	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND  We recommend caution in the use of ENTC lopinavir/ritonavir ENTCEND
1	ENTD heart block ENTDEND and dilated cardiomyopathy related to ENTC lopinavir/ritonavir ENTCEND
0	ENTC sulfasalazine ENTCEND was estimated by making a series of conservative assumptions. RESULTS: Ten cases were identified: eight occurred during surveillance. Eight patients were hospitalised, two in hepatic failure - one died after a liver transplant. All but one event occurred within 6 weeks of treatment. Seven patients had a ENTD skin rash ENTDEND
0	ENTD interstitial nephritis ENTDEND  Five patients were of Black British of African or Caribbean descent. Liver enzymes showed a hepatocellular pattern in four cases and a mixed pattern in six. Drug-related hepatotoxicity was judged probable or highly probable in 8 patients. The likely frequency of serious hepatotoxicity with ENTC sulfasalazine ENTCEND
0	ENTC sulfasalazine ENTCEND was estimated by making a series of conservative assumptions. RESULTS: Ten cases were identified: eight occurred during surveillance. Eight patients were hospitalised, two in ENTD hepatic failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC sulfasalazine ENTCEND  in inflammatory ENTD arthritis ENTDEND
0	ENTC sulfasalazine ENTCEND was estimated by making a series of conservative assumptions. RESULTS: Ten cases were identified: eight occurred during surveillance. Eight patients were hospitalised, two in hepatic failure - one died after a liver transplant. All but one event occurred within 6 weeks of treatment. Seven patients had a skin rash, three ENTD eosinophilia ENTDEND
1	ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND on ENTC sulfasalazine ENTCEND
0	ENTC pegylated interferon ENTCEND and ribavirin therapy. We found no correlation of angiogenesis soluble markers with either hemoglobin or haptoglobin. CONCLUSION: This is the first study in the literature investigating a link between angiogenesis soluble markers and ribavirin induced ENTD anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC sorafenib ENTCEND have been found to cause acute hemolysis. We aimed to investigate whether there is a relation between hemoglobin, haptoglobin and angiogenesis soluble markers which are modifiable and can help in developing strategies against ENTD anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND induced ENTD anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD anemia ENTDEND  METHODS: Fourteen patients chronically infected with hepatitis C virus were treated by ENTC pegylated interferon alpha 2a ENTCEND
0	ENTC sunitinib ENTCEND and sorafenib have been found to cause acute hemolysis. We aimed to investigate whether there is a relation between hemoglobin, haptoglobin and angiogenesis soluble markers which are modifiable and can help in developing strategies against ENTD anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC pegylated interferon ENTCEND and ribavirin therapy. We found no correlation of angiogenesis soluble markers with either hemoglobin or haptoglobin. CONCLUSION: This is the first study in the literature investigating a link between angiogenesis soluble markers and ribavirin induced anemia in patients with ENTD hepatitis C ENTDEND
0	ENTC sorafenib ENTCEND have been found to cause acute hemolysis. We aimed to investigate whether there is a relation between hemoglobin, haptoglobin and angiogenesis soluble markers which are modifiable and can help in developing strategies against anemia. METHODS: Fourteen patients ENTD chronically infected with hepatitis C virus ENTDEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND induced anemia in patients with ENTD hepatitis C ENTDEND
0	ENTD chronically infected with hepatitis C virus ENTDEND were treated by ENTC pegylated interferon alpha 2a ENTCEND
0	ENTC sunitinib ENTCEND and sorafenib have been found to cause acute hemolysis. We aimed to investigate whether there is a relation between hemoglobin, haptoglobin and angiogenesis soluble markers which are modifiable and can help in developing strategies against anemia. METHODS: Fourteen patients ENTD chronically infected with hepatitis C virus ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND ?BACKGROUND/AIMS: Recently ribavirin has been found to inhibit angiogenesis and a number of angiogenesis inhibitors such as sunitinib and ENTC sorafenib ENTCEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND  associated ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND ?BACKGROUND/AIMS: Recently ribavirin has been found to inhibit angiogenesis and a number of angiogenesis inhibitors such as sunitinib and sorafenib have been found to cause acute hemolysis. We aimed to investigate whether there is a relation between hemoglobin, haptoglobin and angiogenesis soluble markers which are modifiable and can help in developing strategies against anemia. METHODS: Fourteen patients chronically infected with hepatitis C virus were treated by ENTC pegylated interferon alpha 2a ENTCEND
0	ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND ?BACKGROUND/AIMS: Recently ribavirin has been found to inhibit angiogenesis and a number of angiogenesis inhibitors such as ENTC sunitinib ENTCEND
1	ENTC sorafenib ENTCEND have been found to cause acute ENTD hemolysis ENTDEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND has been found to inhibit angiogenesis and a number of angiogenesis inhibitors such as sunitinib and sorafenib have been found to cause acute ENTD hemolysis ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemolysis ENTDEND  We aimed to investigate whether there is a relation between hemoglobin, haptoglobin and angiogenesis soluble markers which are modifiable and can help in developing strategies against anemia. METHODS: Fourteen patients chronically infected with hepatitis C virus were treated by ENTC pegylated interferon alpha 2a ENTCEND
1	ENTC sunitinib ENTCEND and sorafenib have been found to cause acute ENTD hemolysis ENTDEND
0	ENTC nadolol ENTCEND was applied in some experiments. Epicardial mapping with 240 epicardial electrodes was used to evaluate activation during ENTD AF ENTDEND
0	ENTD AF ENTDEND promotion by Ca(2+) channel blockers, we administered verapamil to morphine- ENTC chloralose ENTCEND
0	ENTD AF ENTDEND promotion by Ca(2+) channel blockers, we administered verapamil to ENTC morphine ENTCEND
0	ENTD AF ENTDEND promotion by ENTC Ca ENTCEND
1	ENTC Verapamil ENTCEND caused ENTD AF ENTDEND
0	ENTC atropine ENTCEND and nadolol was applied in some experiments. Epicardial mapping with 240 epicardial electrodes was used to evaluate activation during ENTD AF ENTDEND
0	ENTC Diltiazem ENTCEND did not affect ERP, ENTD AF ENTDEND
0	ENTD Atrial tachycardia ENTDEND induced remodeling promotes the occurrence and maintenance of atrial fibrillation (AF) and decreases L-type Ca(2+) current. There is also a clinical suggestion that acute L-type Ca(2) channel blockade can promote AF, consistent with an AF promoting effect of Ca(2+) channel inhibition. METHODS: To evaluate the potential mechanisms of AF promotion by Ca(2+) channel blockers, we administered verapamil to morphine-chloralose anesthetized dogs. Diltiazem was used as a comparison drug and autonomic blockade with atropine and ENTC nadolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD Atrial tachycardia ENTDEND induced remodeling promotes the occurrence and maintenance of atrial fibrillation (AF) and decreases L-type Ca(2+) current. There is also a clinical suggestion that acute L-type Ca(2) channel blockade can promote AF, consistent with an AF promoting effect of Ca(2+) channel inhibition. METHODS: To evaluate the potential mechanisms of AF promotion by Ca(2+) channel blockers, we administered verapamil to morphine- ENTC chloralose ENTCEND
0	ENTD Atrial tachycardia ENTDEND induced remodeling promotes the occurrence and maintenance of atrial fibrillation (AF) and decreases L-type Ca(2+) current. There is also a clinical suggestion that acute L-type Ca(2) channel blockade can promote AF, consistent with an AF promoting effect of Ca(2+) channel inhibition. METHODS: To evaluate the potential mechanisms of AF promotion by Ca(2+) channel blockers, we administered verapamil to ENTC morphine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Atrial tachycardia ENTDEND induced remodeling promotes the occurrence and maintenance of atrial fibrillation (AF) and decreases L-type ENTC Ca ENTCEND
0	ENTC verapamil ENTCEND  on atrial fibrillation and its electrophysiological determinants in dogs.BACKGROUND: ENTD Atrial tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD Atrial tachycardia ENTDEND induced remodeling promotes the occurrence and maintenance of atrial fibrillation (AF) and decreases L-type Ca(2+) current. There is also a clinical suggestion that acute L-type Ca(2) channel blockade can promote AF, consistent with an AF promoting effect of Ca(2+) channel inhibition. METHODS: To evaluate the potential mechanisms of AF promotion by Ca(2+) channel blockers, we administered verapamil to morphine-chloralose anesthetized dogs. Diltiazem was used as a comparison drug and autonomic blockade with ENTC atropine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Atrial tachycardia ENTDEND induced remodeling promotes the occurrence and maintenance of atrial fibrillation (AF) and decreases L-type Ca(2+) current. There is also a clinical suggestion that acute L-type Ca(2) channel blockade can promote AF, consistent with an AF promoting effect of Ca(2+) channel inhibition. METHODS: To evaluate the potential mechanisms of AF promotion by Ca(2+) channel blockers, we administered verapamil to morphine-chloralose anesthetized dogs. ENTC Diltiazem ENTCEND
0	ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND (up to 300 mg/kg) did not modify the ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND induced by maximal electroshock and did not alter the convulsant dose of pentylenetetrezol in mice (tests performed by the Anticonvulsant Screening Project of NINCDS). Acetaminophen (up to 150 micrograms/mL) did not retard the incorporation of radioactive ENTC adenosine ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND induced by maximal electroshock and did not alter the convulsant dose of pentylenetetrezol in mice (tests performed by the Anticonvulsant Screening Project of NINCDS). Acetaminophen (up to 150 micrograms/mL) did not retard the incorporation of radioactive adenosine into ENTC ATP ENTCEND
1	ENTD seizures ENTDEND induced by maximal electroshock and did not alter the convulsant dose of ENTC pentylenetetrezol ENTCEND
1	ENTD seizures ENTDEND after 12.5 or 25 mg/kg ENTC caffeine ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  by ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of caffeine. Studies in DBA/2J mice showed that: 1) pretreatment with acetaminophen (100 mg/kg) increased the interval between the administration of caffeine (300 to 450 mg/kg IP) and the onset of fatal convulsions by a factor of about two; and 2) pretreatment with acetaminophen (75 mg/kg) reduced the incidence of audiogenic seizures produced in the presence of caffeine (12.5 to 75 mg/kg IP). The frequency of sound-induced seizures after 12.5 or 25 mg/kg caffeine was reduced from 50 to 5% by acetaminophen. In the absence of caffeine, acetaminophen (up to 300 mg/kg) did not modify the seizures induced by maximal electroshock and did not alter the convulsant dose of pentylenetetrezol in mice (tests performed by the Anticonvulsant Screening Project of NINCDS). Acetaminophen (up to 150 micrograms/mL) did not retard the incorporation of radioactive ENTC adenosine ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of caffeine. Studies in DBA/2J mice showed that: 1) pretreatment with acetaminophen (100 mg/kg) increased the interval between the administration of caffeine (300 to 450 mg/kg IP) and the onset of fatal convulsions by a factor of about two; and 2) pretreatment with acetaminophen (75 mg/kg) reduced the incidence of audiogenic seizures produced in the presence of caffeine (12.5 to 75 mg/kg IP). The frequency of sound-induced seizures after 12.5 or 25 mg/kg caffeine was reduced from 50 to 5% by acetaminophen. In the absence of caffeine, acetaminophen (up to 300 mg/kg) did not modify the seizures induced by maximal electroshock and did not alter the convulsant dose of pentylenetetrezol in mice (tests performed by the Anticonvulsant Screening Project of NINCDS). Acetaminophen (up to 150 micrograms/mL) did not retard the incorporation of radioactive adenosine into ENTC ATP ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of caffeine. Studies in DBA/2J mice showed that: 1) pretreatment with acetaminophen (100 mg/kg) increased the interval between the administration of caffeine (300 to 450 mg/kg IP) and the onset of fatal convulsions by a factor of about two; and 2) pretreatment with acetaminophen (75 mg/kg) reduced the incidence of audiogenic seizures produced in the presence of caffeine (12.5 to 75 mg/kg IP). The frequency of sound-induced seizures after 12.5 or 25 mg/kg caffeine was reduced from 50 to 5% by acetaminophen. In the absence of caffeine, acetaminophen (up to 300 mg/kg) did not modify the seizures induced by maximal electroshock and did not alter the convulsant dose of ENTC pentylenetetrezol ENTCEND
0	ENTC caffeine ENTCEND ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC GR 55562 ENTCEND (1 microg/side). Our findings indicate that cocaine induced ENTD hyperlocomotion ENTDEND
1	ENTD locomotor hyperactivity ENTDEND  Such attenuation was not found in animals which had been injected with GR 55562 into the accumbens core. When injected into the accumbens shell (but not the core) before cocaine, ENTC CP 93129 ENTCEND
1	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND induced ENTD hyperlocomotion ENTDEND
0	ENTC Atorva ENTCEND reversed dex-induced ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND (129 +/- 0.6 mmHg, vs. 135 +/- 0.6 mmHg P' < 0.05) and decreased plasma superoxide (7931 +/- 392.8 dex, 1187 +/- 441.2 atorva + dex, P < 0.0001). Plasma ENTC nitrate ENTCEND
1	ENTC dex ENTCEND induced ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND (129 +/- 0.6 mmHg, vs. 135 +/- 0.6 mmHg P' < 0.05) and decreased plasma ENTC superoxide ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND (129 +/- 0.6 mmHg, vs. 135 +/- 0.6 mmHg P' < 0.05) and decreased plasma superoxide (7931 +/- 392.8 dex, 1187 +/- 441.2 atorva + dex, P < 0.0001). Plasma nitrate/ ENTC nitrite ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND  in patients with chronic kidney disease.BACKGROUND: No direct comparisons exist of the renal tolerability of the low-osmolality contrast medium iopamidol with that of the iso-osmolality contrast medium iodixanol in high-risk patients. METHODS AND RESULTS: The present study is a multicenter, randomized, double-blind comparison of iopamidol and iodixanol in patients with chronic kidney disease (estimated glomerular filtration rate, 20 to 59 mL/min) who underwent cardiac angiography or percutaneous coronary interventions. Serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTC N-acetylcysteine ENTCEND  mean baseline SCr, and estimated glomerular filtration rate were comparable in the 2 groups. SCr increases > or = 0.5 mg/dL occurred in 4.4% (9 of 204 patients) after iopamidol and 6.7% (14 of 210 patients) after iodixanol (P=0.39), whereas rates of SCr increases > or = 25% were 9.8% and 12.4%, respectively (P=0.44). In patients with diabetes, SCr increases > or = 0.5 mg/dL were 5.1% (4 of 78 patients) with iopamidol and 13.0% (12 of 92 patients) with iodixanol (P=0.11), whereas SCr increases > or = 25% were 10.3% and 15.2%, respectively (P=0.37). Mean post-SCr increases were significantly less with iopamidol (all patients: 0.07 versus 0.12 mg/dL, 6.2 versus 10.6 micromol/L, P=0.03; patients with diabetes: 0.07 versus 0.16 mg/dL, 6.2 versus 14.1 micromol/L, P=0.01). CONCLUSIONS: The rate of contrast-induced ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND
1	ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND  defined by multiple end points, is not statistically different after the intraarterial administration of iopamidol or ENTC iodixanol ENTCEND
1	ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND  defined by multiple end points, is not statistically different after the intraarterial administration of ENTC iopamidol ENTCEND
1	ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND  in patients with chronic kidney disease.BACKGROUND: No direct comparisons exist of the renal tolerability of the low-osmolality ENTC contrast medium ENTCEND
0	ENTD chronic kidney disease ENTDEND (estimated glomerular filtration rate, 20 to 59 mL/min) who underwent cardiac angiography or percutaneous coronary interventions. Serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD chronic kidney disease ENTDEND (estimated glomerular filtration rate, 20 to 59 mL/min) who underwent cardiac angiography or percutaneous coronary interventions. Serum creatinine (SCr) levels and estimated glomerular filtration rate were assessed at baseline and 2 to 5 days after receiving medications. The primary outcome was a postdose SCr increase > or = 0.5 mg/dL (44.2 micromol/L) over baseline. Secondary outcomes were a postdose SCr increase > or = 25%, a postdose estimated glomerular filtration rate decrease of > or = 25%, and the mean peak change in SCr. In 414 patients, contrast volume, presence of diabetes mellitus, use of ENTC N-acetylcysteine ENTCEND
0	ENTC iodixanol ENTCEND in patients with ENTD chronic kidney disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC iopamidol ENTCEND and iodixanol in patients with ENTD chronic kidney disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD chronic kidney disease ENTDEND .BACKGROUND: No direct comparisons exist of the renal tolerability of the low-osmolality ENTC contrast medium ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND (SCr) levels and estimated glomerular filtration rate were assessed at baseline and 2 to 5 days after receiving medications. The primary outcome was a postdose SCr increase > or = 0.5 mg/dL (44.2 micromol/L) over baseline. Secondary outcomes were a postdose SCr increase > or = 25%, a postdose estimated glomerular filtration rate decrease of > or = 25%, and the mean peak change in SCr. In 414 patients, contrast volume, presence of ENTD diabetes mellitus ENTDEND
0	ENTD diabetes mellitus ENTDEND  use of ENTC N-acetylcysteine ENTCEND
0	ENTC iodixanol ENTCEND to high-risk patients, with or without ENTD diabetes mellitus ENTDEND
0	ENTC iopamidol ENTCEND or iodixanol to high-risk patients, with or without ENTD diabetes mellitus ENTDEND
0	ENTC contrast medium ENTCEND iodixanol in high-risk patients. METHODS AND RESULTS: The present study is a multicenter, randomized, double-blind comparison of iopamidol and iodixanol in patients with chronic kidney disease (estimated glomerular filtration rate, 20 to 59 mL/min) who underwent cardiac angiography or percutaneous coronary interventions. Serum creatinine (SCr) levels and estimated glomerular filtration rate were assessed at baseline and 2 to 5 days after receiving medications. The primary outcome was a postdose SCr increase > or = 0.5 mg/dL (44.2 micromol/L) over baseline. Secondary outcomes were a postdose SCr increase > or = 25%, a postdose estimated glomerular filtration rate decrease of > or = 25%, and the mean peak change in SCr. In 414 patients, contrast volume, presence of ENTD diabetes mellitus ENTDEND
1	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND induced ENTD chorea ENTDEND
1	ENTD Chorea ENTDEND  associated with ENTC oral contraception ENTCEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND induced chorea after prolonged oral contraception. Prolonged administration of female sex hormones is a possible cause of chorea in women who have not previously had chorea or ENTD rheumatic fever ENTDEND
0	ENTC oral contraception ENTCEND  Prolonged administration of female sex hormones is a possible cause of chorea in women who have not previously had chorea or ENTD rheumatic fever ENTDEND
0	ENTC telmisartan ENTCEND  and amlodipine versus amlodipine monotherapy in Indian adults with stage II ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTC amlodipine ENTCEND  monotherapy in Indian adults with stage II ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND effects; however, proteinuria associated with Srl has been reported following renal transplantation. In cardiac transplantation, the incidence of proteinuria associated with Srl is unknown. In this study, long-term cardiac transplant patients were switched from cyclosporine to Srl-based IS. Concomitant IS consisted of mycophenolate mofetil +/- ENTC steroids ENTCEND
0	ENTC ARB ENTCEND therapy and patients monitored for proteinuria and increased ENTD renal dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC ACEi ENTCEND ARB therapy and patients monitored for proteinuria and increased ENTD renal dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC Srl ENTCEND  lacks ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND effects; however, proteinuria associated with Srl has been reported following renal transplantation. In cardiac transplantation, the incidence of proteinuria associated with Srl is unknown. In this study, long-term cardiac transplant patients were switched from ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND effects; however, proteinuria associated with Srl has been reported following renal transplantation. In cardiac transplantation, the incidence of proteinuria associated with Srl is unknown. In this study, long-term cardiac transplant patients were switched from cyclosporine to Srl-based IS. Concomitant IS consisted of ENTC mycophenolate mofetil ENTCEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND associated with Srl is unknown. In this study, long-term cardiac transplant patients were switched from cyclosporine to Srl-based IS. Concomitant IS consisted of mycophenolate mofetil +/- ENTC steroids ENTCEND
0	ENTC ARB ENTCEND  therapy reduced ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC ACEi ENTCEND ARB therapy and patients monitored for ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
1	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND associated with ENTC Srl ENTCEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND associated with Srl is unknown. In this study, long-term cardiac transplant patients were switched from ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND associated with Srl is unknown. In this study, long-term cardiac transplant patients were switched from cyclosporine to Srl-based IS. Concomitant IS consisted of ENTC mycophenolate mofetil ENTCEND
1	ENTC hypaque 76 ENTCEND  The subjects were ten patients found to have normal left ventricles and coronary arteries. Significant ENTD QTC prolongation ENTDEND
1	ENTC hypaque 76 ENTCEND  The subjects were ten patients found to have normal left ventricles and coronary arteries. Significant QTC prolongation occurred in 30 seconds to one minute in association with marked ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
1	ENTD seizures ENTDEND while receiving maximum doses of ENTC imipenem/cilastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND were controlled with therapeutic doses of ENTC phenytoin ENTCEND
0	ENTC beta-lactam ENTCEND antibiotics without evidence of ENTD seizure ENTDEND
0	ENTD Seizure ENTDEND  activity with ENTC imipenem ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal disease ENTDEND developed seizures while receiving maximum doses of ENTC imipenem/cilastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal disease ENTDEND developed seizures while receiving maximum doses of imipenem/cilastatin. Neither patient had reported previous seizures or seizure-like activity nor was receiving anticonvulsant agents. All seizures were controlled with therapeutic doses of ENTC phenytoin ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal disease ENTDEND developed seizures while receiving maximum doses of imipenem/cilastatin. Neither patient had reported previous seizures or seizure-like activity nor was receiving anticonvulsant agents. All seizures were controlled with therapeutic doses of phenytoin. Both patients had received maximum doses of other ENTC beta-lactam ENTCEND
0	ENTC imipenem ENTCEND  therapy: incidence and risk factors.Two elderly patients with a history of either cerebral vascular accident (CVA) or head trauma and no evidence of ENTD renal disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD head trauma ENTDEND and no evidence of renal disease developed seizures while receiving maximum doses of ENTC imipenem/cilastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD head trauma ENTDEND and no evidence of renal disease developed seizures while receiving maximum doses of imipenem/cilastatin. Neither patient had reported previous seizures or seizure-like activity nor was receiving anticonvulsant agents. All seizures were controlled with therapeutic doses of ENTC phenytoin ENTCEND
0	ENTD head trauma ENTDEND and no evidence of renal disease developed seizures while receiving maximum doses of imipenem/cilastatin. Neither patient had reported previous seizures or seizure-like activity nor was receiving anticonvulsant agents. All seizures were controlled with therapeutic doses of phenytoin. Both patients had received maximum doses of other ENTC beta-lactam ENTCEND
0	ENTC imipenem ENTCEND  therapy: incidence and risk factors.Two elderly patients with a history of either cerebral vascular accident (CVA) or ENTD head trauma ENTDEND
0	ENTD CVA ENTDEND  or head trauma and no evidence of renal disease developed seizures while receiving maximum doses of ENTC imipenem/cilastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD CVA ENTDEND  or head trauma and no evidence of renal disease developed seizures while receiving maximum doses of imipenem/cilastatin. Neither patient had reported previous seizures or seizure-like activity nor was receiving anticonvulsant agents. All seizures were controlled with therapeutic doses of ENTC phenytoin ENTCEND
0	ENTD CVA ENTDEND  or head trauma and no evidence of renal disease developed seizures while receiving maximum doses of imipenem/cilastatin. Neither patient had reported previous seizures or seizure-like activity nor was receiving anticonvulsant agents. All seizures were controlled with therapeutic doses of phenytoin. Both patients had received maximum doses of other ENTC beta-lactam ENTCEND
0	ENTC imipenem ENTCEND  therapy: incidence and risk factors.Two elderly patients with a history of either ENTD cerebral vascular accident ENTDEND
1	ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND  programs ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD glomerulosclerosis ENTDEND than control rats. This study shows that prenatal ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND
1	ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND  programs hypertension and ENTD renal injury ENTDEND
1	ENTC MFL regimen ENTCEND achieves little palliative benefit and induces severe toxicity at a fairly high rate. Administration of this regimen to breast cancer patients who have been treated by chemotherapy and those with ENTD impaired heart function ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND and leukopenia. Eight patients were dead in the last follow-up; two of them died of treatment-related toxicity. The ENTC MFL regimen ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  The ENTC MFL regimen ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND  and leucovorin (MFL): low palliative benefit and high treatment-related ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND .For previously treated advanced breast cancer, there is no standard second-line therapy. Combination chemotherapy with ENTC mitoxantrone ENTCEND
0	ENTC leucovorin ENTCEND  (MFL): low palliative benefit and high treatment-related ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTD leukopenia ENTDEND  Eight patients were dead in the last follow-up; two of them died of treatment-related toxicity. The ENTC MFL regimen ENTCEND
0	ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND  by mitoxantrone and 48-hour continuous infusion of high-dose 5-FU and leucovorin ENTC MFL ENTCEND
0	ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND  by mitoxantrone and 48-hour continuous infusion of high-dose ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND
0	ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND  by ENTC mitoxantrone ENTCEND
0	ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND  by mitoxantrone and 48-hour continuous infusion of high-dose 5-FU and ENTC leucovorin ENTCEND
0	ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND by mitoxantrone, 12 mg/m2, on day 1 and continuous infusion of 5-FU, 3000 mg/m2, together with leucovorin, 300 mg/m2, for 48 h from day 1 to 2. Each course of chemotherapy was given every 4 weeks. Most of these patients had more than two metastatic sites, with lung metastasis predominant. Seven patients had been treated with ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND
0	ENTC nicotine ENTCEND induced hyperactivity, and raised spontaneous nocturnal activity. Lesions reduced the extent of immunohistological staining for choline acetyltransferase in the interpeduncular nucleus (p <0.025), but not for tyrosine hydroxylase in the surrounding catecholaminergic A10 region. We conclude that the interpeduncular nucleus mediates nicotinic ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC kainic acid ENTCEND in the interpeduncular nucleus of the ventral midbrain of the rat. Compared with sham-operated controls, lesions significantly (p < 0.25) blunted the early (<60 min) free-field locomotor hypoactivity caused by nicotine (0.5 mg kg(-1), i.m.), enhanced the later (60-120 min) nicotine-induced hyperactivity, and raised spontaneous nocturnal activity. Lesions reduced the extent of immunohistological staining for choline acetyltransferase in the interpeduncular nucleus (p <0.025), but not for tyrosine hydroxylase in the surrounding catecholaminergic A10 region. We conclude that the interpeduncular nucleus mediates nicotinic ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC tyrosine ENTCEND hydroxylase in the surrounding catecholaminergic A10 region. We conclude that the interpeduncular nucleus mediates nicotinic ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC choline ENTCEND acetyltransferase in the interpeduncular nucleus (p <0.025), but not for tyrosine hydroxylase in the surrounding catecholaminergic A10 region. We conclude that the interpeduncular nucleus mediates nicotinic ENTD depression ENTDEND
1	ENTC nicotine ENTCEND induced ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC kainic acid ENTCEND in the interpeduncular nucleus of the ventral midbrain of the rat. Compared with sham-operated controls, lesions significantly (p < 0.25) blunted the early (<60 min) free-field locomotor hypoactivity caused by nicotine (0.5 mg kg(-1), i.m.), enhanced the later (60-120 min) nicotine-induced ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND  and raised spontaneous nocturnal activity. Lesions reduced the extent of immunohistological staining for choline acetyltransferase in the interpeduncular nucleus (p <0.025), but not for ENTC tyrosine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND  and raised spontaneous nocturnal activity. Lesions reduced the extent of immunohistological staining for ENTC choline ENTCEND
0	ENTD locomotor hypoactivity ENTDEND caused by ENTC nicotine ENTCEND
0	ENTC kainic acid ENTCEND in the interpeduncular nucleus of the ventral midbrain of the rat. Compared with sham-operated controls, lesions significantly (p < 0.25) blunted the early (<60 min) free-field ENTD locomotor hypoactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTD locomotor hypoactivity ENTDEND caused by nicotine (0.5 mg kg(-1), i.m.), enhanced the later (60-120 min) nicotine-induced hyperactivity, and raised spontaneous nocturnal activity. Lesions reduced the extent of immunohistological staining for choline acetyltransferase in the interpeduncular nucleus (p <0.025), but not for ENTC tyrosine ENTCEND
0	ENTD locomotor hypoactivity ENTDEND caused by nicotine (0.5 mg kg(-1), i.m.), enhanced the later (60-120 min) nicotine-induced hyperactivity, and raised spontaneous nocturnal activity. Lesions reduced the extent of immunohistological staining for ENTC choline ENTCEND
1	ENTD weight loss ENTDEND and ataxia. Side-effects tended to diminish during treatment but remained significant at week 8. Despite this, the drop-out rate was low. CONCLUSIONS: ENTC Alprazolam ENTCEND
0	ENTC alprazolam ENTCEND patients developed more adverse reactions (21% v. 0%) of depression, enuresis, disinhibition and ENTD aggression ENTDEND
1	ENTC alprazolam ENTCEND patients developed more adverse reactions (21% v. 0%) of depression, ENTD enuresis ENTDEND
1	ENTD ataxia ENTDEND  Side-effects tended to diminish during treatment but remained significant at week 8. Despite this, the drop-out rate was low. CONCLUSIONS: ENTC Alprazolam ENTCEND
0	ENTC alprazolam ENTCEND and placebo in ENTD panic disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTD panic disorder ENTDEND .BACKGROUND: The widespread use of ENTC benzodiazepines ENTCEND
0	ENTD agoraphobia ENTDEND were randomised to ENTC alprazolam ENTCEND
0	ENTD agoraphobia ENTDEND  with panic disorder.BACKGROUND: The widespread use of ENTC benzodiazepines ENTCEND
1	ENTD impaired memory ENTDEND  weight loss and ataxia. Side-effects tended to diminish during treatment but remained significant at week 8. Despite this, the drop-out rate was low. CONCLUSIONS: ENTC Alprazolam ENTCEND
1	ENTC alprazolam ENTCEND patients developed more adverse reactions (21% v. 0%) of ENTD depression ENTDEND
1	ENTC Levodopa ENTCEND -induced oromandibular ENTD dystonia ENTDEND
0	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND induced ENTD Oromandibular dystonia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Levodopa ENTCEND induced dyskinesias have been reported in Parkinson's disease and ENTD multiple system atrophy ENTDEND
0	ENTC Levodopa ENTCEND induced ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND
0	ENTD progressive supranuclear palsy ENTDEND . ENTC Levodopa ENTCEND
0	ENTC Levodopa ENTCEND induced dyskinesias have been reported in ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD haemorrhage ENTDEND in 24 (41%) of the ENTC warfarin ENTCEND
1	ENTC warfarin ENTCEND induced ENTD cerebral haemorrhages ENTDEND
0	ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND  To demonstrate the relationship between peripheral iron overload and dopaminergic neuron loss in rat substantia nigra (SN), in the present study we used fast cyclic voltammetry, tyrosine hydroxylase (TH) immunohistochemistry, Perls' iron staining, and high performance liquid chromatography-electrochemical detection to study the degeneration of dopaminergic neurons and increased iron content in the SN of iron dextran overloaded animals. The findings showed that peripheral iron dextran overload increased the iron staining positive cells and reduced the number of TH-immunoreactive neurons in the SN. As a result, ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND  To demonstrate the relationship between peripheral ENTC iron ENTCEND
0	ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND  To demonstrate the relationship between peripheral iron overload and dopaminergic neuron loss in rat substantia nigra (SN), in the present study we used fast cyclic voltammetry, ENTC tyrosine ENTCEND
0	ENTC iron dextran ENTCEND  induced degeneration of dopaminergic neurons in rat substantia nigra.Iron accumulation is considered to be involved in the pathogenesis of ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD degeneration of dopaminergic neurons ENTDEND and increased iron content in the SN of iron dextran overloaded animals. The findings showed that peripheral iron dextran overload increased the iron staining positive cells and reduced the number of TH-immunoreactive neurons in the SN. As a result, ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC iron ENTCEND causes the ENTD degeneration of dopaminergic neurons ENTDEND
0	ENTC tyrosine ENTCEND hydroxylase (TH) immunohistochemistry, Perls' iron staining, and high performance liquid chromatography-electrochemical detection to study the ENTD degeneration of dopaminergic neurons ENTDEND
1	ENTC iron dextran ENTCEND  induced ENTD degeneration of dopaminergic neurons ENTDEND
0	ENTC Sodium chloride ENTCEND solution (0.9%) or noradrenaline in doses of 4, 12 and 36 micrograms h-1 kg-1 was infused for five consecutive days, either intrarenally (by a new technique) or intravenously into rats with one kidney removed. Intrarenal infusion of noradrenaline caused ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
1	ENTC noradrenaline ENTCEND caused ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND  verapamil and bepridil) 6 groups of mice were treated by two different doses, i.e. 2 and 10 mg/kg/i.p., or an equal volume of saline for the control group (n = 20); 15 minutes later, all the animals were injected with a single 50 mg/kg/i.p. dose of bupivacaine. The convulsant activity, the time of latency to convulse and the mortality rate were assessed in each group. The local anesthetic-induced mortality was significantly increased by the three different calcium channel blockers. The convulsant activity of bupivacaine was not significantly modified but calcium channel blockers decreased the time of latency to obtain bupivacaine-induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTC verapamil ENTCEND and bepridil) 6 groups of mice were treated by two different doses, i.e. 2 and 10 mg/kg/i.p., or an equal volume of saline for the control group (n = 20); 15 minutes later, all the animals were injected with a single 50 mg/kg/i.p. dose of bupivacaine. The convulsant activity, the time of latency to convulse and the mortality rate were assessed in each group. The local anesthetic-induced mortality was significantly increased by the three different calcium channel blockers. The convulsant activity of bupivacaine was not significantly modified but calcium channel blockers decreased the time of latency to obtain bupivacaine-induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
1	ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND  this effect was less pronounced with ENTC bepridil ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND channel blockers decreased the time of latency to obtain bupivacaine-induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  For each of the three tested calcium channel blockers ( ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  For each of the three tested calcium channel blockers (diltiazem, ENTC verapamil ENTCEND
0	ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND -induced ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  For each of the three tested calcium channel blockers (diltiazem, verapamil and ENTC bepridil ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  For each of the three tested ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC tropicamide ENTCEND and pilocarpine; scopolamine-induced ENTD impairment in word recall ENTDEND
0	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND  scopolamine-induced ENTD impairment in word recall ENTDEND
1	ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND induced ENTD impairment in word recall ENTDEND
0	ENTD Alzheimer's disease ENTDEND  yet correlations between central and peripheral responses have not been properly studied. This study assessed the effect of normal aging on (1) the ENTC tropicamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD Alzheimer's disease ENTDEND  yet correlations between central and peripheral responses have not been properly studied. This study assessed the effect of normal aging on (1) the tropicamide-induced increase in pupil diameter, and (2) the reversal of this effect with ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Alzheimer's disease ENTDEND  yet correlations between central and peripheral responses have not been properly studied. This study assessed the effect of normal aging on (1) the tropicamide-induced increase in pupil diameter, and (2) the reversal of this effect with pilocarpine. ENTC Scopolamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND induced by ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND
1	ENTC gum Arabic ENTCEND on ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND induced by gentamicin (GM) nephrotoxicity. Rats were treated with the vehicle (2 mL/kg of distilled water and 5% w/v cellulose, 10 days), gum Arabic (2 mL/kg of a 10% w/v aqueous suspension of gum Arabic powder, orally for 10 days), or gum Arabic concomitantly with GM (80mg/kg/day intramuscularly, during the last six days of the treatment period). Nephrotoxicity was assessed by measuring the concentrations of ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND induced by gentamicin (GM) nephrotoxicity. Rats were treated with the vehicle (2 mL/kg of distilled water and 5% w/v cellulose, 10 days), gum Arabic (2 mL/kg of a 10% w/v aqueous suspension of gum Arabic powder, orally for 10 days), or gum Arabic concomitantly with GM (80mg/kg/day intramuscularly, during the last six days of the treatment period). Nephrotoxicity was assessed by measuring the concentrations of creatinine and ENTC urea ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND induced by gentamicin (GM) nephrotoxicity. Rats were treated with the vehicle (2 mL/kg of distilled water and 5% w/v cellulose, 10 days), gum Arabic (2 mL/kg of a 10% w/v aqueous suspension of gum Arabic powder, orally for 10 days), or gum Arabic concomitantly with GM (80mg/kg/day intramuscularly, during the last six days of the treatment period). Nephrotoxicity was assessed by measuring the concentrations of creatinine and urea in the plasma and reduced ENTC glutathione ENTCEND
0	ENTC GM ENTCEND induced proximal ENTD tubular necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD tubular necrosis ENTDEND appeared to be slightly less severe in rats given GM together with ENTC gum Arabic ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND and urea by about 183 and 239%, respectively (compared to 432 and 346%, respectively, in rats treated with cellulose and GM), and decreased that of cortical GSH by 21% (compared to 27% in the cellulose plus GM group) The GM-induced proximal ENTD tubular necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC urea ENTCEND by about 183 and 239%, respectively (compared to 432 and 346%, respectively, in rats treated with cellulose and GM), and decreased that of cortical GSH by 21% (compared to 27% in the cellulose plus GM group) The GM-induced proximal ENTD tubular necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC GSH ENTCEND by 21% (compared to 27% in the cellulose plus GM group) The GM-induced proximal ENTD tubular necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC GM ENTCEND ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC gum Arabic ENTCEND  on gentamicin ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD Nephrotoxicity ENTDEND was assessed by measuring the concentrations of ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Nephrotoxicity ENTDEND was assessed by measuring the concentrations of creatinine and ENTC urea ENTCEND
0	ENTD Nephrotoxicity ENTDEND was assessed by measuring the concentrations of creatinine and urea in the plasma and reduced ENTC glutathione ENTCEND
0	ENTC GM ENTCEND nephrotoxicity. Further work is warranted on the effect of the treatments on renal functional aspects in models of ENTD chronic renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC gum Arabic ENTCEND treatment has induced a modest amelioration of some of the histological and biochemical indices of GM nephrotoxicity. Further work is warranted on the effect of the treatments on renal functional aspects in models of ENTD chronic renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND and urea by about 183 and 239%, respectively (compared to 432 and 346%, respectively, in rats treated with cellulose and GM), and decreased that of cortical GSH by 21% (compared to 27% in the cellulose plus GM group) The GM-induced proximal tubular necrosis appeared to be slightly less severe in rats given GM together with gum Arabic than in those given GM and cellulose. It could be inferred that gum Arabic treatment has induced a modest amelioration of some of the histological and biochemical indices of GM nephrotoxicity. Further work is warranted on the effect of the treatments on renal functional aspects in models of ENTD chronic renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC urea ENTCEND by about 183 and 239%, respectively (compared to 432 and 346%, respectively, in rats treated with cellulose and GM), and decreased that of cortical GSH by 21% (compared to 27% in the cellulose plus GM group) The GM-induced proximal tubular necrosis appeared to be slightly less severe in rats given GM together with gum Arabic than in those given GM and cellulose. It could be inferred that gum Arabic treatment has induced a modest amelioration of some of the histological and biochemical indices of GM nephrotoxicity. Further work is warranted on the effect of the treatments on renal functional aspects in models of ENTD chronic renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC GSH ENTCEND by 21% (compared to 27% in the cellulose plus GM group) The GM-induced proximal tubular necrosis appeared to be slightly less severe in rats given GM together with gum Arabic than in those given GM and cellulose. It could be inferred that gum Arabic treatment has induced a modest amelioration of some of the histological and biochemical indices of GM nephrotoxicity. Further work is warranted on the effect of the treatments on renal functional aspects in models of ENTD chronic renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD cholestasis ENTDEND  in rats.Deoxycholic acid conjugation, transport capacity, and metabolism were compared in control and ethinyl estradiol-treated rats. Control rats were found to have a lower capacity to transport deoxycholic acid than taurodeoxycholic acid, and both were decreased by ethinyl estradiol treatment. During [24-14C]sodium deoxycholate infusion, [14C]biliary bile acid secretion increased, but bile flow did not change significantly in either control or ethinyl estradiol-treated rats. Ethinyl estradiol-treated animals excreted significantly less 14C as ENTC taurocholic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD cholestasis ENTDEND  in rats.Deoxycholic acid conjugation, transport capacity, and metabolism were compared in control and ethinyl estradiol-treated rats. Control rats were found to have a lower capacity to transport deoxycholic acid than ENTC taurodeoxycholic acid ENTCEND
1	ENTC ethinyl estradiol ENTCEND -induced ENTD cholestasis ENTDEND
0	ENTD cholestasis ENTDEND  in rats. ENTC Deoxycholic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD cholestasis ENTDEND  in rats.Deoxycholic acid conjugation, transport capacity, and metabolism were compared in control and ethinyl estradiol-treated rats. Control rats were found to have a lower capacity to transport deoxycholic acid than taurodeoxycholic acid, and both were decreased by ethinyl estradiol treatment. During [24-14C]sodium deoxycholate infusion, [14C]biliary ENTC bile acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD anxiety ENTDEND scale and self-rating depression scale) and two-part memory test battery with immediate and delayed recall. The tests were performed preoperatively and 2 days postoperatively. There were no statistically significant differences between the groups in any of the tests in the changes from preoperative value to postoperative value. The results indicate that hypotension induced by labetalol with ENTC isoflurane ENTCEND
0	ENTD anxiety ENTDEND scale and self-rating depression scale) and two-part memory test battery with immediate and delayed recall. The tests were performed preoperatively and 2 days postoperatively. There were no statistically significant differences between the groups in any of the tests in the changes from preoperative value to postoperative value. The results indicate that hypotension induced by ENTC labetalol ENTCEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND scale) and two-part memory test battery with immediate and delayed recall. The tests were performed preoperatively and 2 days postoperatively. There were no statistically significant differences between the groups in any of the tests in the changes from preoperative value to postoperative value. The results indicate that hypotension induced by labetalol with ENTC isoflurane ENTCEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND scale) and two-part memory test battery with immediate and delayed recall. The tests were performed preoperatively and 2 days postoperatively. There were no statistically significant differences between the groups in any of the tests in the changes from preoperative value to postoperative value. The results indicate that hypotension induced by ENTC labetalol ENTCEND
1	ENTC isoflurane ENTCEND ( ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND
1	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND  induced by ENTC labetalol ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine agonist ENTCEND  was selected due to its biphasic behavioral effects, its ability to induce ENTD hypothermia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypothermia ENTDEND  In mice, apomorphine produced qualitatively different responses under novel conditions when compared to those behaviors elicited in the home test cage. Drug-induced gross activity counts were increased in the novel exploratory box only, while measures of stereotypic behavior were similar in both. By contrast, apomorphine-induced locomotion was more prominent in the novel exploratory box. Dopamine turnover ratios (DOPAC:DA and ENTC HVA ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypothermia ENTDEND  and to produce distinct changes to ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypothermia ENTDEND  In mice, apomorphine produced qualitatively different responses under novel conditions when compared to those behaviors elicited in the home test cage. Drug-induced gross activity counts were increased in the novel exploratory box only, while measures of stereotypic behavior were similar in both. By contrast, apomorphine-induced locomotion was more prominent in the novel exploratory box. Dopamine turnover ratios ( ENTC DOPAC ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypothermia ENTDEND  In mice, ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine agonist ENTCEND  was selected due to its biphasic behavioral effects, its ability to induce hypothermia, and to produce distinct changes to dopamine turnover in the rodent brain. From such experiments there is evidence that characterization and detection of apomorphine-induced activity in rodents critically depends upon the test conditions employed. In rats, detection of apomorphine-induced ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND was facilitated by a period of acclimatization to the test conditions. Moreover, test conditions can impact upon other physiological responses to apomorphine such as drug-induced hypothermia. In mice, apomorphine produced qualitatively different responses under novel conditions when compared to those behaviors elicited in the home test cage. Drug-induced gross activity counts were increased in the novel exploratory box only, while measures of stereotypic behavior were similar in both. By contrast, apomorphine-induced locomotion was more prominent in the novel exploratory box. Dopamine turnover ratios (DOPAC:DA and ENTC HVA ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND turnover in the rodent brain. From such experiments there is evidence that characterization and detection of apomorphine-induced activity in rodents critically depends upon the test conditions employed. In rats, detection of apomorphine-induced ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND was facilitated by a period of acclimatization to the test conditions. Moreover, test conditions can impact upon other physiological responses to apomorphine such as drug-induced hypothermia. In mice, apomorphine produced qualitatively different responses under novel conditions when compared to those behaviors elicited in the home test cage. Drug-induced gross activity counts were increased in the novel exploratory box only, while measures of stereotypic behavior were similar in both. By contrast, apomorphine-induced locomotion was more prominent in the novel exploratory box. Dopamine turnover ratios ( ENTC DOPAC ENTCEND
1	ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND induced ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND  It appears that the protection from extrapyramidal side effects observed with risperidone does not ensure protection from ENTD neuroleptic malignant syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTD Neuroleptic malignant syndrome ENTDEND is thought to be a result of dopamine D2 receptor blockade in the striatum of the basal ganglia. Risperidone, a benzisoxazole derivative antipsychotic, has high ENTC serotonin ENTCEND
0	ENTD Neuroleptic malignant syndrome ENTDEND is thought to be a result of dopamine D2 receptor blockade in the striatum of the basal ganglia. Risperidone, a ENTC benzisoxazole ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuroleptic malignant syndrome ENTDEND after monotherapy with risperidone. The syndrome reversed after discontinuing risperidone and starting treatment with ENTC dantrolene ENTCEND
1	ENTC risperidone ENTCEND . ENTD Neuroleptic malignant syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTD Neuroleptic malignant syndrome ENTDEND is thought to be a result of ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD extrapyramidal symptoms ENTDEND  it was thought the frequency of neuroleptic malignant syndrome might also be lowered. A 73-year-old woman developed neuroleptic malignant syndrome after monotherapy with risperidone. The syndrome reversed after discontinuing risperidone and starting treatment with dantrolene and ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND 5-HT2 receptor blockade and dose-related D2 receptor blockade. The high ratio is believed to impart the low frequency of ENTD extrapyramidal symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTC benzisoxazole ENTCEND derivative antipsychotic, has high serotonin 5-HT2 receptor blockade and dose-related D2 receptor blockade. The high ratio is believed to impart the low frequency of ENTD extrapyramidal symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTD extrapyramidal symptoms ENTDEND  it was thought the frequency of neuroleptic malignant syndrome might also be lowered. A 73-year-old woman developed neuroleptic malignant syndrome after monotherapy with risperidone. The syndrome reversed after discontinuing risperidone and starting treatment with ENTC dantrolene ENTCEND
0	ENTD extrapyramidal symptoms ENTDEND with ENTC risperidone ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND D2 receptor blockade in the striatum of the basal ganglia. Risperidone, a benzisoxazole derivative antipsychotic, has high serotonin 5-HT2 receptor blockade and dose-related D2 receptor blockade. The high ratio is believed to impart the low frequency of ENTD extrapyramidal symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTD anxiety ENTDEND was also attenuated in Dbh +/- mice following administration of ENTC disulfiram ENTCEND
0	ENTC Norepinephrine ENTCEND  signaling through beta-adrenergic receptors is critical for expression of cocaine-induced ENTD anxiety ENTDEND
1	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND -induced ENTD anxiety ENTDEND
0	ENTD anxiety ENTDEND like behavior in Dbh +/- and wild-type C57BL6/J mice, while the alpha(1) antagonist ENTC prazosin ENTCEND
0	ENTD anxiety ENTDEND like behavior in Dbh +/- and wild-type C57BL6/J mice, while the alpha(1) antagonist prazosin and the alpha(2) antagonist ENTC yohimbine ENTCEND
0	ENTD anxiety ENTDEND  METHODS: In this study, we evaluated the performance of ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND blocked cocaine-induced ENTD anxiety ENTDEND
0	ENTC GSH ENTCEND stability were normal. The pentose phosphate shunt activity of the non-dapsone-exposed AE RBCs was decreased compared to normal RBCs. Thus, AE RBCs appear to have an increased sensitivity to oxidant stress both in vitro and in vivo, since dapsone does not cause hemolytic anemia at this dose in hematologically normal individuals. Given the influx of Southeast Asians into the United States, oxidant medications should be used with caution, especially if an ENTD infection ENTDEND
0	ENTC dapsone ENTCEND does not cause hemolytic anemia at this dose in hematologically normal individuals. Given the influx of Southeast Asians into the United States, oxidant medications should be used with caution, especially if an ENTD infection ENTDEND
0	ENTC pentose phosphate ENTCEND shunt activity of the non-dapsone-exposed AE RBCs was decreased compared to normal RBCs. Thus, AE RBCs appear to have an increased sensitivity to oxidant stress both in vitro and in vivo, since dapsone does not cause hemolytic anemia at this dose in hematologically normal individuals. Given the influx of Southeast Asians into the United States, oxidant medications should be used with caution, especially if an ENTD infection ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND while taking a dose of dapsone (50 mg/day) not usually associated with clinical hemolysis. Her red blood cells (RBCs) had increased incubated Heinz body formation, decreased reduced ENTC glutathione ENTCEND
1	ENTC dapsone ENTCEND does not cause ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC pentose phosphate ENTCEND shunt activity of the non-dapsone-exposed AE RBCs was decreased compared to normal RBCs. Thus, AE RBCs appear to have an increased sensitivity to oxidant stress both in vitro and in vivo, since dapsone does not cause ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD leprosy ENTDEND developed a Heinz body hemolytic anemia while taking a dose of dapsone (50 mg/day) not usually associated with clinical hemolysis. Her red blood cells (RBCs) had increased incubated Heinz body formation, decreased reduced ENTC glutathione ENTCEND
0	ENTD leprosy ENTDEND developed a Heinz body hemolytic anemia while taking a dose of ENTC dapsone ENTCEND
0	ENTD leprosy ENTDEND developed a Heinz body hemolytic anemia while taking a dose of dapsone (50 mg/day) not usually associated with clinical hemolysis. Her red blood cells (RBCs) had increased incubated Heinz body formation, decreased reduced glutathione (GSH), and decreased GSH stability. The ENTC pentose phosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTD hemolysis ENTDEND  Her red blood cells (RBCs) had increased incubated Heinz body formation, decreased reduced ENTC glutathione ENTCEND
0	ENTC dapsone ENTCEND (50 mg/day) not usually associated with clinical ENTD hemolysis ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemolysis ENTDEND  Her red blood cells (RBCs) had increased incubated Heinz body formation, decreased reduced glutathione (GSH), and decreased GSH stability. The ENTC pentose phosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTD weight loss ENTDEND in the ENTC furosemide ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND from 145 +/- 13 to 182 +/- 16 mumol/l at 24 h, while no change occurred in the control group (from 141 +/- 6 to 142 +/- 7 mumol/l). Renal failure was associated with ENTD weight loss ENTDEND
1	ENTD Renal function significantly deteriorated ENTDEND in the group pretreated with ENTC furosemide ENTCEND
0	ENTD Renal function significantly deteriorated ENTDEND in the group pretreated with furosemide (p < 0.005 by ANOVA), with a rise in serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTC furosemide ENTCEND  in radiocontrast ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND from 145 +/- 13 to 182 +/- 16 mumol/l at 24 h, while no change occurred in the control group (from 141 +/- 6 to 142 +/- 7 mumol/l). Renal failure was associated with weight loss in the furosemide-treated group. Furosemide may be deleterious in the prevention of radiocontrast ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD Renal failure ENTDEND was associated with weight loss in the ENTC furosemide ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND from 145 +/- 13 to 182 +/- 16 mumol/l at 24 h, while no change occurred in the control group (from 141 +/- 6 to 142 +/- 7 mumol/l). ENTD Renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC NIK-247 ENTCEND may be a useful drug for the treatment of ENTD Alzheimer's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND induced amnesia but does not affect spontaneous movement. The findings suggest that NIK-247 may be a useful drug for the treatment of ENTD Alzheimer's disease ENTDEND
1	ENTD amnesia ENTDEND .The effects of ENTC NIK-247 ENTCEND
1	ENTD amnesia ENTDEND and spontaneous movement were examined and compared with those of the well-known cholinesterase inhibitors tacrine and ENTC E-2020 ENTCEND
1	ENTD amnesia ENTDEND and spontaneous movement were examined and compared with those of the well-known cholinesterase inhibitors ENTC tacrine ENTCEND
1	ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND -induced ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND mechanism due to reduced ENTC noradrenaline ENTCEND
1	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND and a ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND
0	ENTD septicaemia ENTDEND (3.3%). Cerebral haemorrhage was the 11th most frequent cause of death, accounting for only 0.8% of deaths among the patients, whereas it was the 5th most common cause of death among the Japanese general population in 1985. The low incidence of cerebral haemorrhage as a cause of death in patients with Parkinson's disease may reflect the hypotensive effect of levodopa and a hypotensive mechanism due to reduced ENTC noradrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD septicaemia ENTDEND (3.3%). Cerebral haemorrhage was the 11th most frequent cause of death, accounting for only 0.8% of deaths among the patients, whereas it was the 5th most common cause of death among the Japanese general population in 1985. The low incidence of cerebral haemorrhage as a cause of death in patients with Parkinson's disease may reflect the hypotensive effect of ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD neoplasms ENTDEND (11.6%), heart diseases (4.1%), cerebral infarction (3.7%) and septicaemia (3.3%). Cerebral haemorrhage was the 11th most frequent cause of death, accounting for only 0.8% of deaths among the patients, whereas it was the 5th most common cause of death among the Japanese general population in 1985. The low incidence of cerebral haemorrhage as a cause of death in patients with Parkinson's disease may reflect the hypotensive effect of levodopa and a hypotensive mechanism due to reduced ENTC noradrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD neoplasms ENTDEND (11.6%), heart diseases (4.1%), cerebral infarction (3.7%) and septicaemia (3.3%). Cerebral haemorrhage was the 11th most frequent cause of death, accounting for only 0.8% of deaths among the patients, whereas it was the 5th most common cause of death among the Japanese general population in 1985. The low incidence of cerebral haemorrhage as a cause of death in patients with Parkinson's disease may reflect the hypotensive effect of ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD death ENTDEND in patients with Parkinson's disease may reflect the hypotensive effect of levodopa and a hypotensive mechanism due to reduced ENTC noradrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD death ENTDEND in patients with Parkinson's disease may reflect the hypotensive effect of ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD bronchitis ENTDEND (44.1%), malignant neoplasms (11.6%), heart diseases (4.1%), cerebral infarction (3.7%) and septicaemia (3.3%). Cerebral haemorrhage was the 11th most frequent cause of death, accounting for only 0.8% of deaths among the patients, whereas it was the 5th most common cause of death among the Japanese general population in 1985. The low incidence of cerebral haemorrhage as a cause of death in patients with Parkinson's disease may reflect the hypotensive effect of levodopa and a hypotensive mechanism due to reduced ENTC noradrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD bronchitis ENTDEND (44.1%), malignant neoplasms (11.6%), heart diseases (4.1%), cerebral infarction (3.7%) and septicaemia (3.3%). Cerebral haemorrhage was the 11th most frequent cause of death, accounting for only 0.8% of deaths among the patients, whereas it was the 5th most common cause of death among the Japanese general population in 1985. The low incidence of cerebral haemorrhage as a cause of death in patients with Parkinson's disease may reflect the hypotensive effect of ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD cerebral infarction ENTDEND (3.7%) and septicaemia (3.3%). Cerebral haemorrhage was the 11th most frequent cause of death, accounting for only 0.8% of deaths among the patients, whereas it was the 5th most common cause of death among the Japanese general population in 1985. The low incidence of cerebral haemorrhage as a cause of death in patients with Parkinson's disease may reflect the hypotensive effect of levodopa and a hypotensive mechanism due to reduced ENTC noradrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD cerebral infarction ENTDEND (3.7%) and septicaemia (3.3%). Cerebral haemorrhage was the 11th most frequent cause of death, accounting for only 0.8% of deaths among the patients, whereas it was the 5th most common cause of death among the Japanese general population in 1985. The low incidence of cerebral haemorrhage as a cause of death in patients with Parkinson's disease may reflect the hypotensive effect of ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
0	ENTC noradrenaline ENTCEND levels in the ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND
0	ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND may reflect the hypotensive effect of ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart diseases ENTDEND (4.1%), cerebral infarction (3.7%) and septicaemia (3.3%). Cerebral haemorrhage was the 11th most frequent cause of death, accounting for only 0.8% of deaths among the patients, whereas it was the 5th most common cause of death among the Japanese general population in 1985. The low incidence of cerebral haemorrhage as a cause of death in patients with Parkinson's disease may reflect the hypotensive effect of levodopa and a hypotensive mechanism due to reduced ENTC noradrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart diseases ENTDEND (4.1%), cerebral infarction (3.7%) and septicaemia (3.3%). Cerebral haemorrhage was the 11th most frequent cause of death, accounting for only 0.8% of deaths among the patients, whereas it was the 5th most common cause of death among the Japanese general population in 1985. The low incidence of cerebral haemorrhage as a cause of death in patients with Parkinson's disease may reflect the hypotensive effect of ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD pneumonia ENTDEND and bronchitis (44.1%), malignant neoplasms (11.6%), heart diseases (4.1%), cerebral infarction (3.7%) and septicaemia (3.3%). Cerebral haemorrhage was the 11th most frequent cause of death, accounting for only 0.8% of deaths among the patients, whereas it was the 5th most common cause of death among the Japanese general population in 1985. The low incidence of cerebral haemorrhage as a cause of death in patients with Parkinson's disease may reflect the hypotensive effect of levodopa and a hypotensive mechanism due to reduced ENTC noradrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD pneumonia ENTDEND and bronchitis (44.1%), malignant neoplasms (11.6%), heart diseases (4.1%), cerebral infarction (3.7%) and septicaemia (3.3%). Cerebral haemorrhage was the 11th most frequent cause of death, accounting for only 0.8% of deaths among the patients, whereas it was the 5th most common cause of death among the Japanese general population in 1985. The low incidence of cerebral haemorrhage as a cause of death in patients with Parkinson's disease may reflect the hypotensive effect of ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD cerebral haemorrhage ENTDEND as a cause of death in patients with Parkinson's disease may reflect the hypotensive effect of levodopa and a hypotensive mechanism due to reduced ENTC noradrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD cerebral haemorrhage ENTDEND as a cause of death in patients with Parkinson's disease may reflect the hypotensive effect of ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD cancer of the renal pelvis, ureter or bladder ENTDEND associated with consumption of either phenacetin or ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND
1	ENTC phenacetin ENTCEND  which also increased the risk for ENTD cancer of the renal pelvis and bladder ENTDEND
0	ENTD cancer of the renal pelvis, ureter or bladder ENTDEND associated with consumption of either phenacetin or ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND
0	ENTD cancer of the renal pelvis, ureter or bladder ENTDEND associated with consumption of either ENTC phenacetin ENTCEND
0	ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND consumption for renal papillary necrosis or any of these ENTD cancers ENTDEND
0	ENTC phenacetin ENTCEND  which also increased the risk for cancer of the renal pelvis and bladder but not for ureteric cancer. By contrast, we were unable to substantiate an increased risk from paracetamol consumption for renal papillary necrosis or any of these ENTD cancers ENTDEND
0	ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND  cause ENTD urothelial cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTD urothelial cancer ENTDEND  or renal papillary necrosis?The risk of developing renal papillary necrosis or cancer of the renal pelvis, ureter or bladder associated with consumption of either ENTC phenacetin ENTCEND
0	ENTD cancer of the renal pelvis, ureter or bladder ENTDEND associated with consumption of either phenacetin or ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND
1	ENTC phenacetin ENTCEND  which also increased the risk for ENTD cancer of the renal pelvis and bladder ENTDEND
0	ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND consumption for ENTD renal papillary necrosis ENTDEND
1	ENTD renal papillary necrosis ENTDEND was increased nearly 20-fold by consumption of ENTC phenacetin ENTCEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND may be due to a Krebs cycle blockade by fluoroacetate and ENTC fluorocitrate ENTCEND
0	ENTC cisplatinum ENTCEND  etoposide, high-dose 5-fluorouracil (2,250 mg/m2/24 hours) and folinic acid for an inoperable gastric adenocarcinoma. He developed acute neurologic symptoms of mental confusion, disorientation and irritability, and then lapsed into a deep coma, lasting for approximately 40 hours during the first dose (day 2) of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid infusion. This complication reappeared on day 25 during the second dose of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid, which were then the only drugs given. Because folinic acid was unlikely to be associated with this condition, ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC folinic acid ENTCEND was unlikely to be associated with this condition, ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC 5-fluorouracil ENTCEND ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND may be due to a Krebs cycle blockade by fluoroacetate and fluorocitrate, ENTC thiamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND may be due to a Krebs cycle blockade by ENTC fluoroacetate ENTCEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND may be due to a Krebs cycle blockade by fluoroacetate and fluorocitrate, thiamine deficiency, or ENTC dihydrouracil ENTCEND
0	ENTC etoposide ENTCEND  high-dose 5-fluorouracil (2,250 mg/m2/24 hours) and folinic acid for an inoperable gastric adenocarcinoma. He developed acute neurologic symptoms of mental confusion, disorientation and irritability, and then lapsed into a deep coma, lasting for approximately 40 hours during the first dose (day 2) of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid infusion. This complication reappeared on day 25 during the second dose of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid, which were then the only drugs given. Because folinic acid was unlikely to be associated with this condition, ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD irritability ENTDEND  and then lapsed into a deep coma, lasting for approximately 40 hours during the first dose (day 2) of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid infusion. This complication reappeared on day 25 during the second dose of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid, which were then the only drugs given. Because folinic acid was unlikely to be associated with this condition, neurotoxicity due to high-dose 5-fluorouracil was highly suspected. The pathogenesis of 5-fluorouracil neurotoxicity may be due to a Krebs cycle blockade by fluoroacetate and ENTC fluorocitrate ENTCEND
0	ENTC cisplatinum ENTCEND  etoposide, high-dose 5-fluorouracil (2,250 mg/m2/24 hours) and folinic acid for an inoperable gastric adenocarcinoma. He developed acute neurologic symptoms of mental confusion, disorientation and ENTD irritability ENTDEND
0	ENTC folinic acid ENTCEND for an inoperable gastric adenocarcinoma. He developed acute neurologic symptoms of mental confusion, disorientation and ENTD irritability ENTDEND
0	ENTD irritability ENTDEND  and then lapsed into a deep coma, lasting for approximately 40 hours during the first dose (day 2) of ENTC 5-fluorouracil ENTCEND
0	ENTD irritability ENTDEND  and then lapsed into a deep coma, lasting for approximately 40 hours during the first dose (day 2) of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid infusion. This complication reappeared on day 25 during the second dose of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid, which were then the only drugs given. Because folinic acid was unlikely to be associated with this condition, neurotoxicity due to high-dose 5-fluorouracil was highly suspected. The pathogenesis of 5-fluorouracil neurotoxicity may be due to a Krebs cycle blockade by fluoroacetate and fluorocitrate, ENTC thiamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD irritability ENTDEND  and then lapsed into a deep coma, lasting for approximately 40 hours during the first dose (day 2) of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid infusion. This complication reappeared on day 25 during the second dose of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid, which were then the only drugs given. Because folinic acid was unlikely to be associated with this condition, neurotoxicity due to high-dose 5-fluorouracil was highly suspected. The pathogenesis of 5-fluorouracil neurotoxicity may be due to a Krebs cycle blockade by ENTC fluoroacetate ENTCEND
0	ENTD irritability ENTDEND  and then lapsed into a deep coma, lasting for approximately 40 hours during the first dose (day 2) of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid infusion. This complication reappeared on day 25 during the second dose of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid, which were then the only drugs given. Because folinic acid was unlikely to be associated with this condition, neurotoxicity due to high-dose 5-fluorouracil was highly suspected. The pathogenesis of 5-fluorouracil neurotoxicity may be due to a Krebs cycle blockade by fluoroacetate and fluorocitrate, thiamine deficiency, or ENTC dihydrouracil ENTCEND
0	ENTC etoposide ENTCEND  high-dose 5-fluorouracil (2,250 mg/m2/24 hours) and folinic acid for an inoperable gastric adenocarcinoma. He developed acute neurologic symptoms of mental confusion, disorientation and ENTD irritability ENTDEND
0	ENTD disorientation ENTDEND and irritability, and then lapsed into a deep coma, lasting for approximately 40 hours during the first dose (day 2) of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid infusion. This complication reappeared on day 25 during the second dose of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid, which were then the only drugs given. Because folinic acid was unlikely to be associated with this condition, neurotoxicity due to high-dose 5-fluorouracil was highly suspected. The pathogenesis of 5-fluorouracil neurotoxicity may be due to a Krebs cycle blockade by fluoroacetate and ENTC fluorocitrate ENTCEND
0	ENTD confusion ENTDEND  induced by a high-dose infusion of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid.A 61-year-old man was treated with combination chemotherapy incorporating ENTC cisplatinum ENTCEND
1	ENTD confusion ENTDEND  induced by a high-dose infusion of 5-fluorouracil and ENTC folinic acid ENTCEND
1	ENTD confusion ENTDEND  induced by a high-dose infusion of ENTC 5-fluorouracil ENTCEND
0	ENTD disorientation ENTDEND and irritability, and then lapsed into a deep coma, lasting for approximately 40 hours during the first dose (day 2) of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid infusion. This complication reappeared on day 25 during the second dose of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid, which were then the only drugs given. Because folinic acid was unlikely to be associated with this condition, neurotoxicity due to high-dose 5-fluorouracil was highly suspected. The pathogenesis of 5-fluorouracil neurotoxicity may be due to a Krebs cycle blockade by fluoroacetate and fluorocitrate, ENTC thiamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD disorientation ENTDEND and irritability, and then lapsed into a deep coma, lasting for approximately 40 hours during the first dose (day 2) of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid infusion. This complication reappeared on day 25 during the second dose of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid, which were then the only drugs given. Because folinic acid was unlikely to be associated with this condition, neurotoxicity due to high-dose 5-fluorouracil was highly suspected. The pathogenesis of 5-fluorouracil neurotoxicity may be due to a Krebs cycle blockade by ENTC fluoroacetate ENTCEND
0	ENTD disorientation ENTDEND and irritability, and then lapsed into a deep coma, lasting for approximately 40 hours during the first dose (day 2) of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid infusion. This complication reappeared on day 25 during the second dose of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid, which were then the only drugs given. Because folinic acid was unlikely to be associated with this condition, neurotoxicity due to high-dose 5-fluorouracil was highly suspected. The pathogenesis of 5-fluorouracil neurotoxicity may be due to a Krebs cycle blockade by fluoroacetate and fluorocitrate, thiamine deficiency, or ENTC dihydrouracil ENTCEND
0	ENTD confusion ENTDEND  induced by a high-dose infusion of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid.A 61-year-old man was treated with combination chemotherapy incorporating cisplatinum, ENTC etoposide ENTCEND
0	ENTC fluorocitrate ENTCEND  thiamine deficiency, or dihydrouracil dehydrogenase deficiency. High-dose 5-fluorouracil/folinic acid infusion therapy has recently become a popular regimen for various ENTD cancers ENTDEND
0	ENTC cisplatinum ENTCEND  etoposide, high-dose 5-fluorouracil (2,250 mg/m2/24 hours) and folinic acid for an inoperable gastric adenocarcinoma. He developed acute neurologic symptoms of mental confusion, disorientation and irritability, and then lapsed into a deep coma, lasting for approximately 40 hours during the first dose (day 2) of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid infusion. This complication reappeared on day 25 during the second dose of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid, which were then the only drugs given. Because folinic acid was unlikely to be associated with this condition, neurotoxicity due to high-dose 5-fluorouracil was highly suspected. The pathogenesis of 5-fluorouracil neurotoxicity may be due to a Krebs cycle blockade by fluoroacetate and fluorocitrate, thiamine deficiency, or dihydrouracil dehydrogenase deficiency. High-dose 5-fluorouracil/folinic acid infusion therapy has recently become a popular regimen for various ENTD cancers ENTDEND
0	ENTC folinic acid ENTCEND infusion therapy has recently become a popular regimen for various ENTD cancers ENTDEND
0	ENTC 5-fluorouracil ENTCEND folinic acid infusion therapy has recently become a popular regimen for various ENTD cancers ENTDEND
0	ENTC thiamine ENTCEND deficiency, or dihydrouracil dehydrogenase deficiency. High-dose 5-fluorouracil/folinic acid infusion therapy has recently become a popular regimen for various ENTD cancers ENTDEND
0	ENTC fluoroacetate ENTCEND and fluorocitrate, thiamine deficiency, or dihydrouracil dehydrogenase deficiency. High-dose 5-fluorouracil/folinic acid infusion therapy has recently become a popular regimen for various ENTD cancers ENTDEND
0	ENTC dihydrouracil ENTCEND dehydrogenase deficiency. High-dose 5-fluorouracil/folinic acid infusion therapy has recently become a popular regimen for various ENTD cancers ENTDEND
0	ENTC etoposide ENTCEND  high-dose 5-fluorouracil (2,250 mg/m2/24 hours) and folinic acid for an inoperable gastric adenocarcinoma. He developed acute neurologic symptoms of mental confusion, disorientation and irritability, and then lapsed into a deep coma, lasting for approximately 40 hours during the first dose (day 2) of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid infusion. This complication reappeared on day 25 during the second dose of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid, which were then the only drugs given. Because folinic acid was unlikely to be associated with this condition, neurotoxicity due to high-dose 5-fluorouracil was highly suspected. The pathogenesis of 5-fluorouracil neurotoxicity may be due to a Krebs cycle blockade by fluoroacetate and fluorocitrate, thiamine deficiency, or dihydrouracil dehydrogenase deficiency. High-dose 5-fluorouracil/folinic acid infusion therapy has recently become a popular regimen for various ENTD cancers ENTDEND
0	ENTD gastric adenocarcinoma ENTDEND  He developed acute neurologic symptoms of mental confusion, disorientation and irritability, and then lapsed into a deep coma, lasting for approximately 40 hours during the first dose (day 2) of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid infusion. This complication reappeared on day 25 during the second dose of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid, which were then the only drugs given. Because folinic acid was unlikely to be associated with this condition, neurotoxicity due to high-dose 5-fluorouracil was highly suspected. The pathogenesis of 5-fluorouracil neurotoxicity may be due to a Krebs cycle blockade by fluoroacetate and ENTC fluorocitrate ENTCEND
0	ENTC cisplatinum ENTCEND  etoposide, high-dose 5-fluorouracil (2,250 mg/m2/24 hours) and folinic acid for an inoperable ENTD gastric adenocarcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC folinic acid ENTCEND for an inoperable ENTD gastric adenocarcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC 5-fluorouracil ENTCEND (2,250 mg/m2/24 hours) and folinic acid for an inoperable ENTD gastric adenocarcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD gastric adenocarcinoma ENTDEND  He developed acute neurologic symptoms of mental confusion, disorientation and irritability, and then lapsed into a deep coma, lasting for approximately 40 hours during the first dose (day 2) of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid infusion. This complication reappeared on day 25 during the second dose of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid, which were then the only drugs given. Because folinic acid was unlikely to be associated with this condition, neurotoxicity due to high-dose 5-fluorouracil was highly suspected. The pathogenesis of 5-fluorouracil neurotoxicity may be due to a Krebs cycle blockade by fluoroacetate and fluorocitrate, ENTC thiamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD gastric adenocarcinoma ENTDEND  He developed acute neurologic symptoms of mental confusion, disorientation and irritability, and then lapsed into a deep coma, lasting for approximately 40 hours during the first dose (day 2) of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid infusion. This complication reappeared on day 25 during the second dose of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid, which were then the only drugs given. Because folinic acid was unlikely to be associated with this condition, neurotoxicity due to high-dose 5-fluorouracil was highly suspected. The pathogenesis of 5-fluorouracil neurotoxicity may be due to a Krebs cycle blockade by ENTC fluoroacetate ENTCEND
0	ENTD gastric adenocarcinoma ENTDEND  He developed acute neurologic symptoms of mental confusion, disorientation and irritability, and then lapsed into a deep coma, lasting for approximately 40 hours during the first dose (day 2) of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid infusion. This complication reappeared on day 25 during the second dose of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid, which were then the only drugs given. Because folinic acid was unlikely to be associated with this condition, neurotoxicity due to high-dose 5-fluorouracil was highly suspected. The pathogenesis of 5-fluorouracil neurotoxicity may be due to a Krebs cycle blockade by fluoroacetate and fluorocitrate, thiamine deficiency, or ENTC dihydrouracil ENTCEND
0	ENTC etoposide ENTCEND  high-dose 5-fluorouracil (2,250 mg/m2/24 hours) and folinic acid for an inoperable ENTD gastric adenocarcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD coma ENTDEND  lasting for approximately 40 hours during the first dose (day 2) of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid infusion. This complication reappeared on day 25 during the second dose of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid, which were then the only drugs given. Because folinic acid was unlikely to be associated with this condition, neurotoxicity due to high-dose 5-fluorouracil was highly suspected. The pathogenesis of 5-fluorouracil neurotoxicity may be due to a Krebs cycle blockade by fluoroacetate and ENTC fluorocitrate ENTCEND
0	ENTC cisplatinum ENTCEND  etoposide, high-dose 5-fluorouracil (2,250 mg/m2/24 hours) and folinic acid for an inoperable gastric adenocarcinoma. He developed acute neurologic symptoms of mental confusion, disorientation and irritability, and then lapsed into a deep ENTD coma ENTDEND
1	ENTD coma ENTDEND  lasting for approximately 40 hours during the first dose (day 2) of 5-fluorouracil and ENTC folinic acid ENTCEND
1	ENTD coma ENTDEND  lasting for approximately 40 hours during the first dose (day 2) of ENTC 5-fluorouracil ENTCEND
0	ENTD coma ENTDEND  lasting for approximately 40 hours during the first dose (day 2) of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid infusion. This complication reappeared on day 25 during the second dose of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid, which were then the only drugs given. Because folinic acid was unlikely to be associated with this condition, neurotoxicity due to high-dose 5-fluorouracil was highly suspected. The pathogenesis of 5-fluorouracil neurotoxicity may be due to a Krebs cycle blockade by fluoroacetate and fluorocitrate, ENTC thiamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD coma ENTDEND  lasting for approximately 40 hours during the first dose (day 2) of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid infusion. This complication reappeared on day 25 during the second dose of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid, which were then the only drugs given. Because folinic acid was unlikely to be associated with this condition, neurotoxicity due to high-dose 5-fluorouracil was highly suspected. The pathogenesis of 5-fluorouracil neurotoxicity may be due to a Krebs cycle blockade by ENTC fluoroacetate ENTCEND
0	ENTD coma ENTDEND  lasting for approximately 40 hours during the first dose (day 2) of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid infusion. This complication reappeared on day 25 during the second dose of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid, which were then the only drugs given. Because folinic acid was unlikely to be associated with this condition, neurotoxicity due to high-dose 5-fluorouracil was highly suspected. The pathogenesis of 5-fluorouracil neurotoxicity may be due to a Krebs cycle blockade by fluoroacetate and fluorocitrate, thiamine deficiency, or ENTC dihydrouracil ENTCEND
0	ENTC etoposide ENTCEND  high-dose 5-fluorouracil (2,250 mg/m2/24 hours) and folinic acid for an inoperable gastric adenocarcinoma. He developed acute neurologic symptoms of mental confusion, disorientation and irritability, and then lapsed into a deep ENTD coma ENTDEND
1	ENTC ciprofloxacin ENTCEND  and norfloxacin-treated rats showed ENTD anxious behaviour ENTDEND
1	ENTC norfloxacin ENTCEND treated rats showed ENTD anxious behaviour ENTDEND
0	ENTC fluoroquinolones ENTCEND  namely ciprofloxacin and norfloxacin, were investigated in adult Charles Foster albino rats of either sex, weighing 150-200 g. METHODS: The drugs were given orally, in doses of 50 mg/kg for five consecutive days and the experiments were performed on the fifth day. The tests included open-field exploratory behaviour, elevated plus maze and elevated zero maze, social interaction and novelty-suppressed feeding latency behaviour. RESULTS: The results indicate that ciprofloxacin- and norfloxacin-treated rats showed ENTD anxious behaviour ENTDEND
0	ENTD aggressiveness ENTDEND and ENTC quipazine ENTCEND
1	ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND induced ENTD aggressiveness ENTDEND
0	ENTD REMD ENTDEND  ENTC quipazine ENTCEND
0	ENTD REMD ENTDEND  on ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND
1	ENTC quipazine ENTCEND induced ENTD head twitches ENTDEND
0	ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND induced aggressiveness and quipazine-induced ENTD head twitches ENTDEND
0	ENTD subendocardial infarction ENTDEND  However, there was no stenosis in coronary arteries on angiography. Coronary artery spasm was induced by a provocative test. Cessation of sorafenib and administration of Ca-channel blocker and nitrates ameliorated his symptoms, but relapse occurred after resumption of sorafenib. Addition of oral ENTC nicorandil ENTCEND
0	ENTD subendocardial infarction ENTDEND  However, there was no stenosis in coronary arteries on angiography. Coronary artery spasm was induced by a provocative test. Cessation of sorafenib and administration of Ca-channel blocker and ENTC nitrates ENTCEND
0	ENTC Sorafenib ENTCEND -induced acute ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTD subendocardial infarction ENTDEND  However, there was no stenosis in coronary arteries on angiography. Coronary artery spasm was induced by a provocative test. Cessation of sorafenib and administration of ENTC Ca ENTCEND
0	ENTC nicorandil ENTCEND reduced his symptoms and maintained ENTD stable angina ENTDEND
0	ENTC nitrates ENTCEND ameliorated his symptoms, but relapse occurred after resumption of sorafenib. Addition of oral nicorandil reduced his symptoms and maintained ENTD stable angina ENTDEND
0	ENTD stable angina ENTDEND status. We report the first case of ENTC sorafenib ENTCEND
0	ENTC Ca ENTCEND channel blocker and nitrates ameliorated his symptoms, but relapse occurred after resumption of sorafenib. Addition of oral nicorandil reduced his symptoms and maintained ENTD stable angina ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal cell carcinoma ENTDEND was admitted due to continuing chest pain at rest. Two weeks before his admission, ENTC sorafenib ENTCEND
0	ENTC nicorandil ENTCEND reduced his symptoms and maintained stable angina status. We report the first case of sorafenib-induced ENTD coronary artery spasm ENTDEND
0	ENTD Coronary artery spasm ENTDEND was induced by a provocative test. Cessation of sorafenib and administration of Ca-channel blocker and ENTC nitrates ENTCEND
1	ENTD coronary artery spasm ENTDEND  ENTC Sorafenib ENTCEND
0	ENTD Coronary artery spasm ENTDEND was induced by a provocative test. Cessation of sorafenib and administration of ENTC Ca ENTCEND
0	ENTD chest pain ENTDEND at rest. Two weeks before his admission, ENTC sorafenib ENTCEND
1	ENTC Dex ENTCEND -induced ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTC NO ENTCEND and reduced O2- production in various forms of ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTC atorvastatin ENTCEND  in dexamethasone-induced ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTC O2- ENTCEND production in various forms of ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTC ADP ENTCEND O was observed in isoproterenol-treated rats. Administration of salvianolic acid A for a period of 8 days significantly attenuated isoproterenol-induced cardiac dysfunction and ENTD myocardial injury ENTDEND
0	ENTC aspartate ENTCEND transaminase, creatine kinase and malondialdehyde and significant decreases in the activities of superoxide dismutase, catalase and glutathione peroxidase in serum and heart. These rats also showed declines in left ventricular systolic pressure, maximum and minimum rate of developed left ventricular pressure, and elevation of left ventricular end-diastolic pressure and ST-segment. In addition, mitochondrial respiratory dysfunction characterized by decreased respiratory control ratio and ADP/O was observed in isoproterenol-treated rats. Administration of salvianolic acid A for a period of 8 days significantly attenuated isoproterenol-induced cardiac dysfunction and ENTD myocardial injury ENTDEND
0	ENTC lactate ENTCEND dehydrogenase, aspartate transaminase, creatine kinase and malondialdehyde and significant decreases in the activities of superoxide dismutase, catalase and glutathione peroxidase in serum and heart. These rats also showed declines in left ventricular systolic pressure, maximum and minimum rate of developed left ventricular pressure, and elevation of left ventricular end-diastolic pressure and ST-segment. In addition, mitochondrial respiratory dysfunction characterized by decreased respiratory control ratio and ADP/O was observed in isoproterenol-treated rats. Administration of salvianolic acid A for a period of 8 days significantly attenuated isoproterenol-induced cardiac dysfunction and ENTD myocardial injury ENTDEND
0	ENTC malondialdehyde ENTCEND and significant decreases in the activities of superoxide dismutase, catalase and glutathione peroxidase in serum and heart. These rats also showed declines in left ventricular systolic pressure, maximum and minimum rate of developed left ventricular pressure, and elevation of left ventricular end-diastolic pressure and ST-segment. In addition, mitochondrial respiratory dysfunction characterized by decreased respiratory control ratio and ADP/O was observed in isoproterenol-treated rats. Administration of salvianolic acid A for a period of 8 days significantly attenuated isoproterenol-induced cardiac dysfunction and ENTD myocardial injury ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND kinase and malondialdehyde and significant decreases in the activities of superoxide dismutase, catalase and glutathione peroxidase in serum and heart. These rats also showed declines in left ventricular systolic pressure, maximum and minimum rate of developed left ventricular pressure, and elevation of left ventricular end-diastolic pressure and ST-segment. In addition, mitochondrial respiratory dysfunction characterized by decreased respiratory control ratio and ADP/O was observed in isoproterenol-treated rats. Administration of salvianolic acid A for a period of 8 days significantly attenuated isoproterenol-induced cardiac dysfunction and ENTD myocardial injury ENTDEND
0	ENTC isoproterenol ENTCEND induced ENTD myocardial damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC glutathione ENTCEND peroxidase in serum and heart. These rats also showed declines in left ventricular systolic pressure, maximum and minimum rate of developed left ventricular pressure, and elevation of left ventricular end-diastolic pressure and ST-segment. In addition, mitochondrial respiratory dysfunction characterized by decreased respiratory control ratio and ADP/O was observed in isoproterenol-treated rats. Administration of salvianolic acid A for a period of 8 days significantly attenuated isoproterenol-induced cardiac dysfunction and ENTD myocardial injury ENTDEND
0	ENTC superoxide ENTCEND dismutase, catalase and glutathione peroxidase in serum and heart. These rats also showed declines in left ventricular systolic pressure, maximum and minimum rate of developed left ventricular pressure, and elevation of left ventricular end-diastolic pressure and ST-segment. In addition, mitochondrial respiratory dysfunction characterized by decreased respiratory control ratio and ADP/O was observed in isoproterenol-treated rats. Administration of salvianolic acid A for a period of 8 days significantly attenuated isoproterenol-induced cardiac dysfunction and ENTD myocardial injury ENTDEND
0	ENTC salvianolic acid A ENTCEND against isoproterenol-induced ENTD myocardial damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC ADP ENTCEND O was observed in isoproterenol-treated rats. Administration of salvianolic acid A for a period of 8 days significantly attenuated isoproterenol-induced cardiac dysfunction and myocardial injury and improved mitochondrial respiratory function. The protective role of salvianolic acid A against isoproterenol-induced myocardial damage was further confirmed by histopathological examination. The results of our study suggest that salvianolic acid A possessing antioxidant activity has a significant protective effect against isoproterenol-induced ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND in rats. Hemodynamic parameters and lead II electrocardiograph were monitored and recorded continuously. Cardiac marker enzymes and antioxidative parameters in serum and heart tissues were measured. Assay for mitochondrial respiratory function and histopathological examination of heart tissues were performed. Isoproterenol-treated rats showed significant increases in the levels of lactate dehydrogenase, ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND in rats. Hemodynamic parameters and lead II electrocardiograph were monitored and recorded continuously. Cardiac marker enzymes and antioxidative parameters in serum and heart tissues were measured. Assay for mitochondrial respiratory function and histopathological examination of heart tissues were performed. Isoproterenol-treated rats showed significant increases in the levels of ENTC lactate ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND in rats. Hemodynamic parameters and lead II electrocardiograph were monitored and recorded continuously. Cardiac marker enzymes and antioxidative parameters in serum and heart tissues were measured. Assay for mitochondrial respiratory function and histopathological examination of heart tissues were performed. Isoproterenol-treated rats showed significant increases in the levels of lactate dehydrogenase, aspartate transaminase, creatine kinase and ENTC malondialdehyde ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND in rats. Hemodynamic parameters and lead II electrocardiograph were monitored and recorded continuously. Cardiac marker enzymes and antioxidative parameters in serum and heart tissues were measured. Assay for mitochondrial respiratory function and histopathological examination of heart tissues were performed. Isoproterenol-treated rats showed significant increases in the levels of lactate dehydrogenase, aspartate transaminase, ENTC creatine ENTCEND
1	ENTC isoproterenol ENTCEND -induced ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND in rats. Hemodynamic parameters and lead II electrocardiograph were monitored and recorded continuously. Cardiac marker enzymes and antioxidative parameters in serum and heart tissues were measured. Assay for mitochondrial respiratory function and histopathological examination of heart tissues were performed. Isoproterenol-treated rats showed significant increases in the levels of lactate dehydrogenase, aspartate transaminase, creatine kinase and malondialdehyde and significant decreases in the activities of superoxide dismutase, catalase and ENTC glutathione ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND in rats. Hemodynamic parameters and lead II electrocardiograph were monitored and recorded continuously. Cardiac marker enzymes and antioxidative parameters in serum and heart tissues were measured. Assay for mitochondrial respiratory function and histopathological examination of heart tissues were performed. Isoproterenol-treated rats showed significant increases in the levels of lactate dehydrogenase, aspartate transaminase, creatine kinase and malondialdehyde and significant decreases in the activities of ENTC superoxide ENTCEND
0	ENTC salvianolic acid A ENTCEND  on isoproterenol-induced ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTC ADP ENTCEND O was observed in isoproterenol-treated rats. Administration of salvianolic acid A for a period of 8 days significantly attenuated isoproterenol-induced ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC aspartate ENTCEND transaminase, creatine kinase and malondialdehyde and significant decreases in the activities of superoxide dismutase, catalase and glutathione peroxidase in serum and heart. These rats also showed declines in left ventricular systolic pressure, maximum and minimum rate of developed left ventricular pressure, and elevation of left ventricular end-diastolic pressure and ST-segment. In addition, mitochondrial respiratory dysfunction characterized by decreased respiratory control ratio and ADP/O was observed in isoproterenol-treated rats. Administration of salvianolic acid A for a period of 8 days significantly attenuated isoproterenol-induced ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC lactate ENTCEND dehydrogenase, aspartate transaminase, creatine kinase and malondialdehyde and significant decreases in the activities of superoxide dismutase, catalase and glutathione peroxidase in serum and heart. These rats also showed declines in left ventricular systolic pressure, maximum and minimum rate of developed left ventricular pressure, and elevation of left ventricular end-diastolic pressure and ST-segment. In addition, mitochondrial respiratory dysfunction characterized by decreased respiratory control ratio and ADP/O was observed in isoproterenol-treated rats. Administration of salvianolic acid A for a period of 8 days significantly attenuated isoproterenol-induced ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC malondialdehyde ENTCEND and significant decreases in the activities of superoxide dismutase, catalase and glutathione peroxidase in serum and heart. These rats also showed declines in left ventricular systolic pressure, maximum and minimum rate of developed left ventricular pressure, and elevation of left ventricular end-diastolic pressure and ST-segment. In addition, mitochondrial respiratory dysfunction characterized by decreased respiratory control ratio and ADP/O was observed in isoproterenol-treated rats. Administration of salvianolic acid A for a period of 8 days significantly attenuated isoproterenol-induced ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND kinase and malondialdehyde and significant decreases in the activities of superoxide dismutase, catalase and glutathione peroxidase in serum and heart. These rats also showed declines in left ventricular systolic pressure, maximum and minimum rate of developed left ventricular pressure, and elevation of left ventricular end-diastolic pressure and ST-segment. In addition, mitochondrial respiratory dysfunction characterized by decreased respiratory control ratio and ADP/O was observed in isoproterenol-treated rats. Administration of salvianolic acid A for a period of 8 days significantly attenuated isoproterenol-induced ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC isoproterenol ENTCEND induced ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC glutathione ENTCEND peroxidase in serum and heart. These rats also showed declines in left ventricular systolic pressure, maximum and minimum rate of developed left ventricular pressure, and elevation of left ventricular end-diastolic pressure and ST-segment. In addition, mitochondrial respiratory dysfunction characterized by decreased respiratory control ratio and ADP/O was observed in isoproterenol-treated rats. Administration of salvianolic acid A for a period of 8 days significantly attenuated isoproterenol-induced ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC superoxide ENTCEND dismutase, catalase and glutathione peroxidase in serum and heart. These rats also showed declines in left ventricular systolic pressure, maximum and minimum rate of developed left ventricular pressure, and elevation of left ventricular end-diastolic pressure and ST-segment. In addition, mitochondrial respiratory dysfunction characterized by decreased respiratory control ratio and ADP/O was observed in isoproterenol-treated rats. Administration of salvianolic acid A for a period of 8 days significantly attenuated isoproterenol-induced ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC salvianolic acid A ENTCEND for a period of 8 days significantly attenuated isoproterenol-induced ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTD respiratory dysfunction ENTDEND characterized by decreased respiratory control ratio and ENTC ADP ENTCEND
0	ENTC aspartate ENTCEND transaminase, creatine kinase and malondialdehyde and significant decreases in the activities of superoxide dismutase, catalase and glutathione peroxidase in serum and heart. These rats also showed declines in left ventricular systolic pressure, maximum and minimum rate of developed left ventricular pressure, and elevation of left ventricular end-diastolic pressure and ST-segment. In addition, mitochondrial ENTD respiratory dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC lactate ENTCEND dehydrogenase, aspartate transaminase, creatine kinase and malondialdehyde and significant decreases in the activities of superoxide dismutase, catalase and glutathione peroxidase in serum and heart. These rats also showed declines in left ventricular systolic pressure, maximum and minimum rate of developed left ventricular pressure, and elevation of left ventricular end-diastolic pressure and ST-segment. In addition, mitochondrial ENTD respiratory dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC malondialdehyde ENTCEND and significant decreases in the activities of superoxide dismutase, catalase and glutathione peroxidase in serum and heart. These rats also showed declines in left ventricular systolic pressure, maximum and minimum rate of developed left ventricular pressure, and elevation of left ventricular end-diastolic pressure and ST-segment. In addition, mitochondrial ENTD respiratory dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND kinase and malondialdehyde and significant decreases in the activities of superoxide dismutase, catalase and glutathione peroxidase in serum and heart. These rats also showed declines in left ventricular systolic pressure, maximum and minimum rate of developed left ventricular pressure, and elevation of left ventricular end-diastolic pressure and ST-segment. In addition, mitochondrial ENTD respiratory dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTD respiratory dysfunction ENTDEND characterized by decreased respiratory control ratio and ADP/O was observed in ENTC isoproterenol ENTCEND
0	ENTC glutathione ENTCEND peroxidase in serum and heart. These rats also showed declines in left ventricular systolic pressure, maximum and minimum rate of developed left ventricular pressure, and elevation of left ventricular end-diastolic pressure and ST-segment. In addition, mitochondrial ENTD respiratory dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC superoxide ENTCEND dismutase, catalase and glutathione peroxidase in serum and heart. These rats also showed declines in left ventricular systolic pressure, maximum and minimum rate of developed left ventricular pressure, and elevation of left ventricular end-diastolic pressure and ST-segment. In addition, mitochondrial ENTD respiratory dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTD respiratory dysfunction ENTDEND characterized by decreased respiratory control ratio and ADP/O was observed in isoproterenol-treated rats. Administration of ENTC salvianolic acid A ENTCEND
1	ENTD pain ENTDEND  using buffered ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND
1	ENTD headache ENTDEND (8.7% and 9.9%; 95% Cl, -5.0 to 2.6). Serious adverse events were reported in 11 and 13 patients in the respective groups. Fewer than 6% of patients in either group were considered by the investigator to have a worsening of their overall disease condition during the study. The majority of patients (>60%) experienced no change in their disease status from baseline. CONCLUSION: The 4-mg ENTC nicotine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND not controlled by medication, and/or diabetes mellitus. Patients were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive the 4-mg ENTC nicotine ENTCEND
0	ENTD diabetes mellitus ENTDEND  Patients were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive the 4-mg ENTC nicotine ENTCEND
1	ENTD nausea ENTDEND (17.2% and 16.1%; 95% CI, -3.7 to 6.0), hiccups (10.7% and 6.6%; 95% CI, 0.5 to 7.8), and headache (8.7% and 9.9%; 95% Cl, -5.0 to 2.6). Serious adverse events were reported in 11 and 13 patients in the respective groups. Fewer than 6% of patients in either group were considered by the investigator to have a worsening of their overall disease condition during the study. The majority of patients (>60%) experienced no change in their disease status from baseline. CONCLUSION: The 4-mg ENTC nicotine ENTCEND
1	ENTD hiccups ENTDEND (10.7% and 6.6%; 95% CI, 0.5 to 7.8), and headache (8.7% and 9.9%; 95% Cl, -5.0 to 2.6). Serious adverse events were reported in 11 and 13 patients in the respective groups. Fewer than 6% of patients in either group were considered by the investigator to have a worsening of their overall disease condition during the study. The majority of patients (>60%) experienced no change in their disease status from baseline. CONCLUSION: The 4-mg ENTC nicotine ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart disease ENTDEND  hypertension not controlled by medication, and/or diabetes mellitus. Patients were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive the 4-mg ENTC nicotine ENTCEND
0	ENTC tobramycin sulfate ENTCEND in conjunction with piperacillin sodium in 118 immunocompromised patients with presumed severe ENTD infections ENTDEND
0	ENTC netilmicin sulfate ENTCEND or tobramycin sulfate in conjunction with piperacillin sodium in 118 immunocompromised patients with presumed severe ENTD infections ENTDEND
0	ENTC piperacillin sodium ENTCEND in 118 immunocompromised patients with presumed severe ENTD infections ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  of netilmicin and ENTC tobramycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  of ENTC netilmicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  of netilmicin and tobramycin in oncology patients.We prospectively compared the efficacy and safety of netilmicin sulfate or tobramycin sulfate in conjunction with ENTC piperacillin sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTC aminoglycoside ENTCEND associated ENTD ototoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC tobramycin ENTCEND (17% vs 11%). ENTD Ototoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC netilmicin ENTCEND and tobramycin (17% vs 11%). ENTD Ototoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTD Ototoxicity ENTDEND occurred in four (9.5%) of 42 netilmicin and ENTC piperacillin ENTCEND
0	ENTD Nephrotoxicity ENTDEND occurred in a similar proportion in patients treated with netilmicin and tobramycin (17% vs 11%). Ototoxicity occurred in four (9.5%) of 42 netilmicin and piperacillin and in 12 (22%) of 54 tobramycin and piperacillin-treated patients. Of those evaluated with posttherapy audiograms, three of four netilmicin and piperacillin-treated patients had auditory thresholds return to baseline compared with one of nine tobramycin and piperacillin-treated patients. The number of greater than or equal to 15-dB increases in auditory threshold as a proportion of total greater than or equal to 15-dB changes (increases and decreases) was significantly lower in netilmicin and piperacillin- vs tobramycin and piperacillin-treated patients (18 of 78 vs 67 of 115). We conclude that ENTC aminoglycoside ENTCEND
1	ENTD Nephrotoxicity ENTDEND occurred in a similar proportion in patients treated with netilmicin and ENTC tobramycin ENTCEND
1	ENTD Nephrotoxicity ENTDEND occurred in a similar proportion in patients treated with ENTC netilmicin ENTCEND
1	ENTC piperacillin sodium ENTCEND in 118 immunocompromised patients with presumed severe infections. The two treatment regimens were equally efficacious. ENTD Nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC morphine ENTCEND .Eight ENTD cancer ENTDEND
1	ENTC morphine ENTCEND developed hyperalgesia. All cases were retrospectively sampled from three different hospitals in Copenhagen. Five patients developed universal hyperalgesia and ENTD hyperesthesia ENTDEND
1	ENTC morphine ENTCEND developed ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND
1	ENTD neuralgia ENTDEND increased to excruciating intensity and in 2 of these cases myoclonus occurred simultaneously. Although only few clinical descriptions of the relationship between hyperalgesia/myoclonus and high doses of ENTC morphine ENTCEND
1	ENTD myoclonus ENTDEND and high doses of ENTC morphine ENTCEND
0	ENTD homonymous hemianopsia ENTDEND after pallidotomy and another one developed left hemiballistic movements 3 days after subthalamotomy which partly improved within 1 month with ENTC Valproate ENTCEND
0	ENTC Levodopa ENTCEND equivalent daily intake was significantly reduced in the STN group. Changes in UPDRS, Hoehn _ Yahr and Schwab England ADL scores were similar in both groups. Cognitive functions were unchanged in both groups. Complications were observed in two patients: one had a left ENTD homonymous hemianopsia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Valproate ENTCEND 1000 mg/day. The findings of this study suggest that lesions of the unilateral STN and GPi are equally effective treatment for patients with advanced ENTD PD ENTDEND
0	ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND motor signs in all patients followed for 6 months. ENTC Levodopa ENTCEND
1	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND induced ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND
0	ENTC salicylates ENTCEND and gold salts, developed ENTD renal papillary necrosis ENTDEND
1	ENTD Renal papillary necrosis ENTDEND  due to ENTC naproxen ENTCEND
0	ENTC gold ENTCEND salts, developed ENTD renal papillary necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD RPN ENTDEND could be discovered. ENTC Sulindac ENTCEND
0	ENTC fenoprofen calcium ENTCEND  high dose salicylates and gold salts, developed ENTD renal papillary necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND  who had previously been treated with sulindac, fenoprofen calcium, high dose ENTC salicylates ENTCEND
0	ENTC naproxen ENTCEND .A 31-year-old man with ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND
0	ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND  who had previously been treated with sulindac, fenoprofen calcium, high dose salicylates and ENTC gold ENTCEND
0	ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND  who had previously been treated with ENTC sulindac ENTCEND
0	ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND  who had previously been treated with sulindac, ENTC fenoprofen calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC salicylates ENTCEND and gold salts, developed renal papillary necrosis (RPN) 4 months after institution of naproxen therapy. No other factor predisposing to RPN could be discovered. Sulindac was substituted for naproxen and no further adverse renal effects occurred over the next 12 months. We review previous reports linking RPN to antiinflammatory drug use and discuss possible advantages of sulindac in patients who have experienced ENTD renal toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC naproxen ENTCEND and no further adverse renal effects occurred over the next 12 months. We review previous reports linking RPN to antiinflammatory drug use and discuss possible advantages of sulindac in patients who have experienced ENTD renal toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC gold ENTCEND salts, developed renal papillary necrosis (RPN) 4 months after institution of naproxen therapy. No other factor predisposing to RPN could be discovered. Sulindac was substituted for naproxen and no further adverse renal effects occurred over the next 12 months. We review previous reports linking RPN to antiinflammatory drug use and discuss possible advantages of sulindac in patients who have experienced ENTD renal toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC sulindac ENTCEND in patients who have experienced ENTD renal toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC fenoprofen calcium ENTCEND  high dose salicylates and gold salts, developed renal papillary necrosis (RPN) 4 months after institution of naproxen therapy. No other factor predisposing to RPN could be discovered. Sulindac was substituted for naproxen and no further adverse renal effects occurred over the next 12 months. We review previous reports linking RPN to antiinflammatory drug use and discuss possible advantages of sulindac in patients who have experienced ENTD renal toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC Thyroxine ENTCEND  abuse: an unusual case of thyrotoxicosis in pregnancy.Eating disorders and the associated behavioural problems and ENTD drug abuse ENTDEND
0	ENTC Thyroxine ENTCEND  abuse: an unusual case of thyrotoxicosis in pregnancy. ENTD Eating disorders ENTDEND
1	ENTD thyrotoxicosis ENTDEND remains obscure, ENTC thyroxine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND response in pigs following a single high-dose infusion. Using both contaminated ENTC heparin ENTCEND
1	ENTC chondroitin sulfate ENTCEND (OSCS) derivative that could elicit a ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND
0	ENTD ventricular arrhythmias ENTDEND  left ventricular dilation, decreased shortening fraction, or decreased ejection fraction. The incidence of cardiac abnormalities increased with length of follow-up (P< or = .05). No correlation could be demonstrated between cumulative dose of ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC Rosen's T5 or T10 protocol ENTCEND  both including doxorubicin. Thirty-one patients, age 10-45 years (median age 17.8 years) were evaluated 2.3-14.1 years (median 8.9 years) following completion of treatment. Cumulative doses of doxorubicin were 225-550 mg/m2 (median dose 360). The evaluation consisted of a history, physical examination, electrocardiogram (ECG), signal averaged ECG, 24-hour ambulatory ECG, echocardiography and radionuclide angiography. Eighteen of 31 (58%) patients showed cardiac toxicity, defined as having one or more of the following abnormalities: late potentials, complex ENTD ventricular arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTD ventricular dilation ENTDEND  decreased shortening fraction, or decreased ejection fraction. The incidence of cardiac abnormalities increased with length of follow-up (P< or = .05). No correlation could be demonstrated between cumulative dose of ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC Rosen's T5 or T10 protocol ENTCEND  both including doxorubicin. Thirty-one patients, age 10-45 years (median age 17.8 years) were evaluated 2.3-14.1 years (median 8.9 years) following completion of treatment. Cumulative doses of doxorubicin were 225-550 mg/m2 (median dose 360). The evaluation consisted of a history, physical examination, electrocardiogram (ECG), signal averaged ECG, 24-hour ambulatory ECG, echocardiography and radionuclide angiography. Eighteen of 31 (58%) patients showed cardiac toxicity, defined as having one or more of the following abnormalities: late potentials, complex ventricular arrhythmias, left ENTD ventricular dilation ENTDEND
0	ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND induced ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND  after treatment for a malignant bone tumor.Cardiac function was assessed in long-term survivors of malignant bone tumors who were treated according to ENTC Rosen's T5 or T10 protocol ENTCEND
1	ENTD cardiac abnormalities ENTDEND increased with length of follow-up (P< or = .05). No correlation could be demonstrated between cumulative dose of ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC Rosen's T5 or T10 protocol ENTCEND  both including doxorubicin. Thirty-one patients, age 10-45 years (median age 17.8 years) were evaluated 2.3-14.1 years (median 8.9 years) following completion of treatment. Cumulative doses of doxorubicin were 225-550 mg/m2 (median dose 360). The evaluation consisted of a history, physical examination, electrocardiogram (ECG), signal averaged ECG, 24-hour ambulatory ECG, echocardiography and radionuclide angiography. Eighteen of 31 (58%) patients showed cardiac toxicity, defined as having one or more of the following abnormalities: late potentials, complex ventricular arrhythmias, left ventricular dilation, decreased shortening fraction, or decreased ejection fraction. The incidence of ENTD cardiac abnormalities ENTDEND
0	ENTD bone tumors ENTDEND who were treated according to Rosen's T5 or T10 protocol, both including ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD bone tumors ENTDEND who were treated according to ENTC Rosen's T5 or T10 protocol ENTCEND
0	ENTD mitochondrial dysfunction ENTDEND which is triggered by tacrolimus and augmented by ENTC lamivudine ENTCEND
0	ENTD mitochondrial dysfunction ENTDEND which is triggered by ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTC steroids ENTCEND were given as immunosuppressant. Lamivudine was added because of de nova hepatitis B infection during her follow-up. Three yr after transplantation she developed renal Fanconi syndrome with severe metabolic acidosis, hypophosphatemia, glycosuria, and aminoaciduria. Although tacrolimus was suspected to be the cause of late post-transplant renal acidosis and was replaced by sirolimus, acidosis, and electrolyte imbalance got worse. Proximal muscle weakness has developed during her follow-up. Fanconi syndrome, as well as myopathy, is well recognized in patients with ENTD mitochondrial disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND  acidosis, and electrolyte imbalance got worse. Proximal muscle weakness has developed during her follow-up. Fanconi syndrome, as well as myopathy, is well recognized in patients with ENTD mitochondrial disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTC Lamivudine ENTCEND was added because of de nova hepatitis B infection during her follow-up. Three yr after transplantation she developed renal Fanconi syndrome with severe metabolic acidosis, hypophosphatemia, ENTD glycosuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD glycosuria ENTDEND  and aminoaciduria. Although ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTC steroids ENTCEND were given as immunosuppressant. Lamivudine was added because of de nova hepatitis B infection during her follow-up. Three yr after transplantation she developed renal Fanconi syndrome with severe metabolic acidosis, hypophosphatemia, ENTD glycosuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD glycosuria ENTDEND  and aminoaciduria. Although tacrolimus was suspected to be the cause of late post-transplant renal acidosis and was replaced by ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTC Lamivudine ENTCEND was added because of de nova hepatitis B infection during her follow-up. Three yr after transplantation she developed renal Fanconi syndrome with severe ENTD metabolic acidosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND was suspected to be the cause of late post-transplant renal ENTD acidosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC steroids ENTCEND were given as immunosuppressant. Lamivudine was added because of de nova hepatitis B infection during her follow-up. Three yr after transplantation she developed renal Fanconi syndrome with severe ENTD metabolic acidosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND  ENTD acidosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC Lamivudine ENTCEND was added because of de nova hepatitis B infection during her follow-up. Three yr after transplantation she developed renal Fanconi syndrome with severe metabolic acidosis, hypophosphatemia, glycosuria, and ENTD aminoaciduria ENTDEND
0	ENTD aminoaciduria ENTDEND  Although ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTC steroids ENTCEND were given as immunosuppressant. Lamivudine was added because of de nova hepatitis B infection during her follow-up. Three yr after transplantation she developed renal Fanconi syndrome with severe metabolic acidosis, hypophosphatemia, glycosuria, and ENTD aminoaciduria ENTDEND
0	ENTD aminoaciduria ENTDEND  Although tacrolimus was suspected to be the cause of late post-transplant renal acidosis and was replaced by ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD mitochondrial cytopathy ENTDEND ?Advances in the field of transplantation provide a better quality of life and allow more favorable conditions for growth and development in children. However, combinations of different therapeutic regimens require consideration of potential adverse reactions. We describe a 15-yr-old girl who had orthotopic liver transplantation because of Wilson's disease. Tacrolimus, MMF, and steroids were given as immunosuppressant. ENTC Lamivudine ENTCEND
0	ENTD mitochondrial cytopathy ENTDEND ?Advances in the field of transplantation provide a better quality of life and allow more favorable conditions for growth and development in children. However, combinations of different therapeutic regimens require consideration of potential adverse reactions. We describe a 15-yr-old girl who had orthotopic liver transplantation because of Wilson's disease. ENTC Tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD mitochondrial cytopathy ENTDEND ?Advances in the field of transplantation provide a better quality of life and allow more favorable conditions for growth and development in children. However, combinations of different therapeutic regimens require consideration of potential adverse reactions. We describe a 15-yr-old girl who had orthotopic liver transplantation because of Wilson's disease. Tacrolimus, MMF, and ENTC steroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD muscle weakness ENTDEND has developed during her follow-up. Fanconi syndrome, as well as myopathy, is well recognized in patients with mitochondrial disorders and caused by depletion of mtDNA. We suggest that our patient's tubular dysfunction and myopathy may have resulted from mitochondrial dysfunction which is triggered by tacrolimus and augmented by ENTC lamivudine ENTCEND
0	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND was suspected to be the cause of late post-transplant renal acidosis and was replaced by sirolimus, acidosis, and electrolyte imbalance got worse. Proximal ENTD muscle weakness ENTDEND
0	ENTC steroids ENTCEND were given as immunosuppressant. Lamivudine was added because of de nova hepatitis B infection during her follow-up. Three yr after transplantation she developed renal Fanconi syndrome with severe metabolic acidosis, hypophosphatemia, glycosuria, and aminoaciduria. Although tacrolimus was suspected to be the cause of late post-transplant renal acidosis and was replaced by sirolimus, acidosis, and electrolyte imbalance got worse. Proximal ENTD muscle weakness ENTDEND
0	ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND  acidosis, and electrolyte imbalance got worse. Proximal ENTD muscle weakness ENTDEND
0	ENTC Lamivudine ENTCEND was added because of de nova hepatitis B infection during her follow-up. Three yr after transplantation she developed renal Fanconi syndrome with severe metabolic acidosis, ENTD hypophosphatemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypophosphatemia ENTDEND  glycosuria, and aminoaciduria. Although ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTC steroids ENTCEND were given as immunosuppressant. Lamivudine was added because of de nova hepatitis B infection during her follow-up. Three yr after transplantation she developed renal Fanconi syndrome with severe metabolic acidosis, ENTD hypophosphatemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypophosphatemia ENTDEND  glycosuria, and aminoaciduria. Although tacrolimus was suspected to be the cause of late post-transplant renal acidosis and was replaced by ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD Wilson's disease ENTDEND  Tacrolimus, MMF, and steroids were given as immunosuppressant. ENTC Lamivudine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Wilson's disease ENTDEND  ENTC Tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD Wilson's disease ENTDEND  Tacrolimus, MMF, and ENTC steroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD Wilson's disease ENTDEND  Tacrolimus, MMF, and steroids were given as immunosuppressant. Lamivudine was added because of de nova hepatitis B infection during her follow-up. Three yr after transplantation she developed renal Fanconi syndrome with severe metabolic acidosis, hypophosphatemia, glycosuria, and aminoaciduria. Although tacrolimus was suspected to be the cause of late post-transplant renal acidosis and was replaced by ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND
1	ENTD myopathy ENTDEND may have resulted from mitochondrial dysfunction which is triggered by tacrolimus and augmented by ENTC lamivudine ENTCEND
1	ENTD myopathy ENTDEND may have resulted from mitochondrial dysfunction which is triggered by ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD myopathy ENTDEND  after liver transplantation: drug-related mitochondrial cytopathy?Advances in the field of transplantation provide a better quality of life and allow more favorable conditions for growth and development in children. However, combinations of different therapeutic regimens require consideration of potential adverse reactions. We describe a 15-yr-old girl who had orthotopic liver transplantation because of Wilson's disease. Tacrolimus, MMF, and ENTC steroids ENTCEND
0	ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND  acidosis, and electrolyte imbalance got worse. Proximal muscle weakness has developed during her follow-up. Fanconi syndrome, as well as ENTD myopathy ENTDEND
1	ENTD tubular dysfunction ENTDEND and myopathy may have resulted from mitochondrial dysfunction which is triggered by tacrolimus and augmented by ENTC lamivudine ENTCEND
1	ENTD tubular dysfunction ENTDEND and myopathy may have resulted from mitochondrial dysfunction which is triggered by ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTC steroids ENTCEND were given as immunosuppressant. Lamivudine was added because of de nova hepatitis B infection during her follow-up. Three yr after transplantation she developed ENTD renal Fanconi syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND  acidosis, and electrolyte imbalance got worse. Proximal muscle weakness has developed during her follow-up. ENTD Fanconi syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC Lamivudine ENTCEND was added because of de nova ENTD hepatitis B infection ENTDEND
0	ENTC Tacrolimus ENTCEND  MMF, and steroids were given as immunosuppressant. Lamivudine was added because of de nova ENTD hepatitis B infection ENTDEND
0	ENTC steroids ENTCEND were given as immunosuppressant. Lamivudine was added because of de nova ENTD hepatitis B infection ENTDEND
0	ENTD hepatitis B infection ENTDEND during her follow-up. Three yr after transplantation she developed renal Fanconi syndrome with severe metabolic acidosis, hypophosphatemia, glycosuria, and aminoaciduria. Although tacrolimus was suspected to be the cause of late post-transplant renal acidosis and was replaced by ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND
1	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND induced ENTD orofacial dyskinesia ENTDEND
1	ENTD orofacial dyskinesia ENTDEND  in rats. ENTC Reserpine ENTCEND
0	ENTC glutamate ENTCEND  uptake and elicit ENTD orofacial dyskinesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND  After she discontinued the omeprazole, her hemoglobin and hematocrit gradually returned to normal. The mechanism by which omeprazole caused the patient's ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC omeprazole ENTCEND  ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD peptic ulcer disease ENTDEND  reflux esophagitis, and the Zollinger-Ellison syndrome. Although clinical experience with omeprazole is still limited, many controlled studies have established the short-term safety of this drug. We report the first case of a serious short-term adverse reaction with the use of omeprazole: hemolytic anemia. The patient developed weakness, lethargy, and shortness of breath 2 days after starting therapy with omeprazole. Two weeks after the initiation of therapy, her hematocrit had decreased from 44.1% to 20.4%, and she had a positive direct Coombs antiglobulin test and an elevated indirect ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTD peptic ulcer disease ENTDEND  reflux esophagitis, and the Zollinger-Ellison syndrome. Although clinical experience with ENTC omeprazole ENTCEND
0	ENTD reflux esophagitis ENTDEND  and the Zollinger-Ellison syndrome. Although clinical experience with omeprazole is still limited, many controlled studies have established the short-term safety of this drug. We report the first case of a serious short-term adverse reaction with the use of omeprazole: hemolytic anemia. The patient developed weakness, lethargy, and shortness of breath 2 days after starting therapy with omeprazole. Two weeks after the initiation of therapy, her hematocrit had decreased from 44.1% to 20.4%, and she had a positive direct Coombs antiglobulin test and an elevated indirect ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTD reflux esophagitis ENTDEND  and the Zollinger-Ellison syndrome. Although clinical experience with ENTC omeprazole ENTCEND
0	ENTD lethargy ENTDEND  and shortness of breath 2 days after starting therapy with omeprazole. Two weeks after the initiation of therapy, her hematocrit had decreased from 44.1% to 20.4%, and she had a positive direct Coombs antiglobulin test and an elevated indirect ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
1	ENTC omeprazole ENTCEND  hemolytic anemia. The patient developed weakness, ENTD lethargy ENTDEND
0	ENTD Zollinger-Ellison syndrome ENTDEND  Although clinical experience with omeprazole is still limited, many controlled studies have established the short-term safety of this drug. We report the first case of a serious short-term adverse reaction with the use of omeprazole: hemolytic anemia. The patient developed weakness, lethargy, and shortness of breath 2 days after starting therapy with omeprazole. Two weeks after the initiation of therapy, her hematocrit had decreased from 44.1% to 20.4%, and she had a positive direct Coombs antiglobulin test and an elevated indirect ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTD Zollinger-Ellison syndrome ENTDEND  Although clinical experience with ENTC omeprazole ENTCEND
0	ENTD shortness of breath ENTDEND 2 days after starting therapy with omeprazole. Two weeks after the initiation of therapy, her hematocrit had decreased from 44.1% to 20.4%, and she had a positive direct Coombs antiglobulin test and an elevated indirect ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
1	ENTD shortness of breath ENTDEND 2 days after starting therapy with ENTC omeprazole ENTCEND
0	ENTC puromycin aminonucleoside ENTCEND induced ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC Puromycin aminonucleoside ENTCEND induced renal dysfunction and ENTD hyperlipidemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Puromycin aminonucleoside ENTCEND induced ENTD renal dysfunction ENTDEND
1	ENTC puromycin aminonucleoside ENTCEND ENTD nephrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD hematological abnormalities ENTDEND  ENTC Puromycin aminonucleoside ENTCEND
0	ENTC ketoconazole ENTCEND tablet, and within an hour experienced a similar clinical picture, which resolved again spontaneously within hours. Laboratory evaluations, including head CT scan, were normal. This case illustrates the need for close vigilance in ENTD adverse drug reactions ENTDEND
0	ENTC Ketoconazole ENTCEND -induced ENTD neurologic sequelae ENTDEND
1	ENTC Ketoconazole ENTCEND -induced neurologic sequelae.A 77-y-old patient developed ENTD weakness of extremities ENTDEND
1	ENTD dysarthria ENTDEND and tremor 1 h after ingestion of 200 mg ENTC ketoconazole ENTCEND
1	ENTD tremor ENTDEND 1 h after ingestion of 200 mg ENTC ketoconazole ENTCEND
1	ENTD legs paralysis ENTDEND  dysarthria and tremor 1 h after ingestion of 200 mg ENTC ketoconazole ENTCEND
1	ENTC Quinidine phenylethylbarbiturate ENTCEND -induced fulminant ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC Quinidine ENTCEND itself or phenylethylbarbiturate may be responsible for fulminant ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC vancomycin ENTCEND for alpha-haemolytic streptococcal endophthalmitis. RESULTS: Endophthalmitis resolved with improvement in visual acuity to 6/24 at three months. Fundus fluorescein angiography confirmed macular capillary closure and telangiectasis. CONCLUSIONS: Currently accepted intravitreal antibiotic regimens may cause retinal toxicity and macular ENTD ischaemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC amikacin ENTCEND and vancomycin for alpha-haemolytic streptococcal endophthalmitis. RESULTS: Endophthalmitis resolved with improvement in visual acuity to 6/24 at three months. Fundus fluorescein angiography confirmed macular capillary closure and telangiectasis. CONCLUSIONS: Currently accepted intravitreal antibiotic regimens may cause retinal toxicity and macular ENTD ischaemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC fluorescein ENTCEND angiography confirmed macular capillary closure and telangiectasis. CONCLUSIONS: Currently accepted intravitreal antibiotic regimens may cause retinal toxicity and macular ENTD ischaemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC aminoglycosides ENTCEND have substantially improved visual prognosis in endophthalmitis, macular infarction may impair full visual recovery. METHODS: We present a case of presumed amikacin retinal toxicity following treatment with amikacin and vancomycin for alpha-haemolytic streptococcal endophthalmitis. RESULTS: Endophthalmitis resolved with improvement in visual acuity to 6/24 at three months. Fundus fluorescein angiography confirmed macular capillary closure and telangiectasis. CONCLUSIONS: Currently accepted intravitreal antibiotic regimens may cause retinal toxicity and macular ENTD ischaemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC vancomycin ENTCEND for alpha-haemolytic streptococcal endophthalmitis. RESULTS: ENTD Endophthalmitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC amikacin ENTCEND and vancomycin for alpha-haemolytic streptococcal endophthalmitis. RESULTS: ENTD Endophthalmitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD Endophthalmitis ENTDEND resolved with improvement in visual acuity to 6/24 at three months. Fundus ENTC fluorescein ENTCEND
0	ENTC aminoglycosides ENTCEND have substantially improved visual prognosis in ENTD endophthalmitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC vancomycin ENTCEND for alpha-haemolytic streptococcal endophthalmitis. RESULTS: Endophthalmitis resolved with improvement in visual acuity to 6/24 at three months. Fundus fluorescein angiography confirmed macular capillary closure and ENTD telangiectasis ENTDEND
0	ENTC amikacin ENTCEND and vancomycin for alpha-haemolytic streptococcal endophthalmitis. RESULTS: Endophthalmitis resolved with improvement in visual acuity to 6/24 at three months. Fundus fluorescein angiography confirmed macular capillary closure and ENTD telangiectasis ENTDEND
0	ENTC fluorescein ENTCEND angiography confirmed macular capillary closure and ENTD telangiectasis ENTDEND
0	ENTC aminoglycosides ENTCEND have substantially improved visual prognosis in endophthalmitis, macular infarction may impair full visual recovery. METHODS: We present a case of presumed amikacin retinal toxicity following treatment with amikacin and vancomycin for alpha-haemolytic streptococcal endophthalmitis. RESULTS: Endophthalmitis resolved with improvement in visual acuity to 6/24 at three months. Fundus fluorescein angiography confirmed macular capillary closure and ENTD telangiectasis ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  after intravitreal amikacin.BACKGROUND: Although intravitreal aminoglycosides have substantially improved visual prognosis in endophthalmitis, macular infarction may impair full visual recovery. METHODS: We present a case of presumed amikacin retinal toxicity following treatment with amikacin and ENTC vancomycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  after intravitreal ENTC amikacin ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  after intravitreal amikacin.BACKGROUND: Although intravitreal aminoglycosides have substantially improved visual prognosis in endophthalmitis, macular infarction may impair full visual recovery. METHODS: We present a case of presumed amikacin retinal toxicity following treatment with amikacin and vancomycin for alpha-haemolytic streptococcal endophthalmitis. RESULTS: Endophthalmitis resolved with improvement in visual acuity to 6/24 at three months. Fundus ENTC fluorescein ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  after intravitreal amikacin.BACKGROUND: Although intravitreal ENTC aminoglycosides ENTCEND
0	ENTD infarction ENTDEND may impair full visual recovery. METHODS: We present a case of presumed amikacin retinal toxicity following treatment with amikacin and ENTC vancomycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD infarction ENTDEND may impair full visual recovery. METHODS: We present a case of presumed ENTC amikacin ENTCEND
0	ENTD infarction ENTDEND may impair full visual recovery. METHODS: We present a case of presumed amikacin retinal toxicity following treatment with amikacin and vancomycin for alpha-haemolytic streptococcal endophthalmitis. RESULTS: Endophthalmitis resolved with improvement in visual acuity to 6/24 at three months. Fundus ENTC fluorescein ENTCEND
0	ENTC aminoglycosides ENTCEND have substantially improved visual prognosis in endophthalmitis, macular ENTD infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTC vancomycin ENTCEND for alpha-haemolytic ENTD streptococcal endophthalmitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC amikacin ENTCEND and vancomycin for alpha-haemolytic ENTD streptococcal endophthalmitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD streptococcal endophthalmitis ENTDEND  RESULTS: Endophthalmitis resolved with improvement in visual acuity to 6/24 at three months. Fundus ENTC fluorescein ENTCEND
0	ENTC aminoglycosides ENTCEND have substantially improved visual prognosis in endophthalmitis, macular infarction may impair full visual recovery. METHODS: We present a case of presumed amikacin retinal toxicity following treatment with amikacin and vancomycin for alpha-haemolytic ENTD streptococcal endophthalmitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD retinal toxicity ENTDEND following treatment with amikacin and ENTC vancomycin ENTCEND
1	ENTC amikacin ENTCEND ENTD retinal toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC fluorescein ENTCEND angiography confirmed macular capillary closure and telangiectasis. CONCLUSIONS: Currently accepted intravitreal antibiotic regimens may cause ENTD retinal toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC aminoglycosides ENTCEND have substantially improved visual prognosis in endophthalmitis, macular infarction may impair full visual recovery. METHODS: We present a case of presumed amikacin ENTD retinal toxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTD Acute renal failure ENTDEND  subsequent to the administration of ENTC rifampicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC rifampicin ENTCEND  The stage of olig- ENTD anuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal failure ENTDEND after the intermittent administration of ENTC rifampicin ENTCEND
1	ENTC ceftriaxone ENTCEND leads to ENTD pseudolithiasis ENTDEND
0	ENTC ceftriaxone ENTCEND leads to pseudolithiasis in some patients. Clinical and experimental studies also suggest that situations causing ENTD gallbladder dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND  Chronic ENTC CBZ ENTCEND
1	ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND  or cocaine-kindled ENTD seizures ENTDEND
1	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD impotence ENTDEND received 0.2 ml. of a combination of 3 drugs: 6 mg. ENTC papaverine ENTCEND
0	ENTD impotence ENTDEND received 0.2 ml. of a combination of 3 drugs: 6 mg. papaverine, 100 micrograms. phentolamine and 10 micrograms. ENTC prostaglandin E1 ENTCEND
0	ENTC Sodium bicarbonate ENTCEND  alleviates penile pain induced by intracavernous injections for ENTD erectile dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTD impotence ENTDEND received 0.2 ml. of a combination of 3 drugs: 6 mg. papaverine, 100 micrograms. ENTC phentolamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC papaverine ENTCEND  100 micrograms. phentolamine and 10 micrograms. prostaglandin E1 with (pH 7.05) or without (pH 4.17) the addition of sodium bicarbonate (0.03 mEq.). Of the 19 patients without sodium bicarbonate added to the medication 11 (58%) complained of ENTD penile pain ENTDEND
1	ENTC prostaglandin E1 ENTCEND with (pH 7.05) or without (pH 4.17) the addition of sodium bicarbonate (0.03 mEq.). Of the 19 patients without sodium bicarbonate added to the medication 11 (58%) complained of ENTD penile pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC Sodium bicarbonate ENTCEND  alleviates ENTD penile pain ENTDEND
1	ENTC phentolamine ENTCEND and 10 micrograms. prostaglandin E1 with (pH 7.05) or without (pH 4.17) the addition of sodium bicarbonate (0.03 mEq.). Of the 19 patients without sodium bicarbonate added to the medication 11 (58%) complained of ENTD penile pain ENTDEND
1	ENTD SIADH ENTDEND . He had been taking ENTC VPA ENTCEND
0	ENTC zonisamide ENTCEND  the serum sodium level returned to normal. We consider this episode of ENTD SIADH ENTDEND
0	ENTC sodium ENTCEND level returned to normal. We consider this episode of ENTD SIADH ENTDEND
0	ENTC VPA ENTCEND for treatment of idiopathic generalized ENTD tonic-clonic convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTD tonic-clonic convulsions ENTDEND since he was 56 years old. After substituting VPA with ENTC zonisamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD tonic-clonic convulsions ENTDEND since he was 56 years old. After substituting VPA with zonisamide, the serum ENTC sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTD weakness of the central nervous system ENTDEND and the long-term administration of ENTC VPA ENTCEND
0	ENTC zonisamide ENTCEND  the serum sodium level returned to normal. We consider this episode of SIADH to be the result of a combination of factors including a ENTD weakness of the central nervous system ENTDEND
0	ENTC sodium ENTCEND level returned to normal. We consider this episode of SIADH to be the result of a combination of factors including a ENTD weakness of the central nervous system ENTDEND
0	ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND induced ENTD cardiovascular toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC BN 52021 ENTCEND , on bupivacaine-induced ENTD cardiovascular impairments ENTDEND
0	ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND induced ENTD cardiovascular alterations ENTDEND
0	ENTC BN 52021 ENTCEND  a specific antagonist of PAF, against bupivacaine-induced cardiovascular toxicity. Thus, consistent with its direct effect on heart, PAF appears to be implicated in bupivacaine-induced ENTD cardiovascular alterations ENTDEND
1	ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND (2 mg/kg), a partial reversion of the ENTD decrease of MBP and HR ENTDEND
0	ENTD decrease of MBP and HR ENTDEND  In contrast, doses of 1 mg/kg ENTC BN 52021 ENTCEND
1	ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND (2 mg/kg), a partial reversion of the ENTD decrease of MBP and HR ENTDEND
0	ENTD decrease of MBP and HR ENTDEND  In contrast, doses of 1 mg/kg ENTC BN 52021 ENTCEND
0	ENTD cancer ENTDEND .Nephrotoxicity associated with ENTC ciprofloxacin ENTCEND
0	ENTD cancer ENTDEND who developed acute renal failure that followed treatment with ciprofloxacin are described and an additional 15 cases reported in the literature are reviewed. Other than elevation of serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
1	ENTC ciprofloxacin ENTCEND induced ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND that followed treatment with ciprofloxacin are described and an additional 15 cases reported in the literature are reviewed. Other than elevation of serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Ciprofloxacin ENTCEND -induced ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD Nephrotoxicity ENTDEND associated with ciprofloxacin is uncommon. Five patients with cancer who developed acute renal failure that followed treatment with ciprofloxacin are described and an additional 15 cases reported in the literature are reviewed. Other than elevation of serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTC ciprofloxacin ENTCEND are described and an additional 15 cases reported in the literature are reviewed. Other than elevation of serum creatinine levels, characteristic clinical manifestations and abnormal laboratory findings are not frequently present. Allergic ENTD interstitial nephritis ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND levels, characteristic clinical manifestations and abnormal laboratory findings are not frequently present. Allergic ENTD interstitial nephritis ENTDEND
0	ENTC methionine ENTCEND aspartate-aspartate (YMDD) motif of the major catalytic region in the C domain of the HBV RT enzyme. HBV viral load was performed with Amplicor HBV Monitor test v2.0 (Roche Diagnostics, Penzberg, Germany). HBV lamivudine-resistant strains were detected in 3 of 15 mono-infected chronic hepatitis B patients and 10 of 20 ENTD HBV-HIV co-infected ENTDEND
0	ENTC aspartate ENTCEND (YMDD) motif of the major catalytic region in the C domain of the HBV RT enzyme. HBV viral load was performed with Amplicor HBV Monitor test v2.0 (Roche Diagnostics, Penzberg, Germany). HBV lamivudine-resistant strains were detected in 3 of 15 mono-infected chronic hepatitis B patients and 10 of 20 ENTD HBV-HIV co-infected ENTDEND
0	ENTC tyrosine ENTCEND methionine-aspartate-aspartate (YMDD) motif of the major catalytic region in the C domain of the HBV RT enzyme. HBV viral load was performed with Amplicor HBV Monitor test v2.0 (Roche Diagnostics, Penzberg, Germany). HBV lamivudine-resistant strains were detected in 3 of 15 mono-infected chronic hepatitis B patients and 10 of 20 ENTD HBV-HIV co-infected ENTDEND
0	ENTC na ENTCEND  ve ENTD HBV-HIV co-infected ENTDEND
0	ENTC lamivudine ENTCEND resistant strains in therapy-na  ve ENTD HBV-HIV co-infected ENTDEND
0	ENTD HBV-HIV co-infected ENTDEND patients. The latter group was further sub-divided into 13 occult HBV ( ENTC HBsAg ENTCEND
0	ENTC methionine ENTCEND aspartate-aspartate (YMDD) motif of the major catalytic region in the C domain of the HBV RT enzyme. HBV viral load was performed with Amplicor HBV Monitor test v2.0 (Roche Diagnostics, Penzberg, Germany). HBV lamivudine-resistant strains were detected in 3 of 15 mono-infected chronic ENTD hepatitis B ENTDEND
0	ENTC aspartate ENTCEND (YMDD) motif of the major catalytic region in the C domain of the HBV RT enzyme. HBV viral load was performed with Amplicor HBV Monitor test v2.0 (Roche Diagnostics, Penzberg, Germany). HBV lamivudine-resistant strains were detected in 3 of 15 mono-infected chronic ENTD hepatitis B ENTDEND
0	ENTC tyrosine ENTCEND methionine-aspartate-aspartate (YMDD) motif of the major catalytic region in the C domain of the HBV RT enzyme. HBV viral load was performed with Amplicor HBV Monitor test v2.0 (Roche Diagnostics, Penzberg, Germany). HBV lamivudine-resistant strains were detected in 3 of 15 mono-infected chronic ENTD hepatitis B ENTDEND
0	ENTC na ENTCEND  ve ENTD HBV infected ENTDEND
0	ENTC lamivudine ENTCEND na  ve ENTD HBV infected ENTDEND
1	ENTD HBV-HIV co-infected ENTDEND patients. The latter group was further sub-divided into 13 occult HBV ( ENTC HBsAg ENTCEND
0	ENTC prochlorperazine ENTCEND for ENTD headache ENTDEND
0	ENTC prochlorperazine ENTCEND for headache, ENTD nausea ENTDEND
0	ENTC prochlorperazine ENTCEND administered intravenously by means of 2-minute push (bolus group) or 10 mg diluted in 50 mL of normal saline solution administered by means of intravenous infusion during a 15-minute period (infusion group). The main outcome was the number of study participants experiencing akathisia within 60 minutes of administration. Akathisia was defined as either a spontaneous report of restlessness or ENTD agitation ENTDEND
0	ENTC prochlorperazine ENTCEND for headache, nausea, or ENTD vomiting ENTDEND
1	ENTD akathisia ENTDEND when ENTC prochlorperazine ENTCEND
0	ENTC verapamil ENTCEND  Her incontinence resolved with the change of medication. The restoration of continence was accompanied by a substantial rise in maximum urethral pressure, maximum urethral closure pressure, and functional urethral length. Patients who present with ENTD stress incontinence ENTDEND
1	ENTC Prazosin ENTCEND -induced ENTD stress incontinence ENTDEND
0	ENTC verapamil ENTCEND  Her ENTD incontinence ENTDEND
0	ENTC prazosin ENTCEND and subsequent studies while taking verapamil. Her ENTD incontinence ENTDEND
1	ENTD headache ENTDEND and vomiting 2 hours after the first doses of amisulpride 100 mg and ENTC tiapride ENTCEND
0	ENTD headache ENTDEND and vomiting 2 hours after the first doses of amisulpride 100 mg and tiapride 100 mg. Both drugs were immediately discontinued, and the patient recovered after subsequent nicardipine and ENTC verapamil ENTCEND
0	ENTD headache ENTDEND and vomiting 2 hours after the first doses of amisulpride 100 mg and tiapride 100 mg. Both drugs were immediately discontinued, and the patient recovered after subsequent ENTC nicardipine ENTCEND
0	ENTD headache ENTDEND and vomiting 2 hours after the first doses of amisulpride 100 mg and tiapride 100 mg. Both drugs were immediately discontinued, and the patient recovered after subsequent nicardipine and verapamil treatment. Abdominal ultrasound showed an adrenal mass, and postoperative histologic examination confirmed the diagnosis of pheochromocytoma. DISCUSSION: Drug-induced symptoms of pheochromocytoma are often associated with the use of substituted ENTC benzamide ENTCEND
1	ENTD headache ENTDEND and vomiting 2 hours after the first doses of ENTC amisulpride ENTCEND
1	ENTC tiapride ENTCEND induced ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND with severe headache and vomiting 2 hours after the first doses of amisulpride 100 mg and tiapride 100 mg. Both drugs were immediately discontinued, and the patient recovered after subsequent nicardipine and ENTC verapamil ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND with severe headache and vomiting 2 hours after the first doses of amisulpride 100 mg and tiapride 100 mg. Both drugs were immediately discontinued, and the patient recovered after subsequent ENTC nicardipine ENTCEND
0	ENTC benzamide ENTCEND drugs, but the underlying mechanism is unknown. In our case, use of the Naranjo probability scale indicated a possible relationship between the ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND
1	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND crisis and ENTC amisulpride ENTCEND
1	ENTD vomiting ENTDEND 2 hours after the first doses of amisulpride 100 mg and ENTC tiapride ENTCEND
0	ENTD vomiting ENTDEND 2 hours after the first doses of amisulpride 100 mg and tiapride 100 mg. Both drugs were immediately discontinued, and the patient recovered after subsequent nicardipine and ENTC verapamil ENTCEND
0	ENTD vomiting ENTDEND 2 hours after the first doses of amisulpride 100 mg and tiapride 100 mg. Both drugs were immediately discontinued, and the patient recovered after subsequent ENTC nicardipine ENTCEND
0	ENTD vomiting ENTDEND 2 hours after the first doses of amisulpride 100 mg and tiapride 100 mg. Both drugs were immediately discontinued, and the patient recovered after subsequent nicardipine and verapamil treatment. Abdominal ultrasound showed an adrenal mass, and postoperative histologic examination confirmed the diagnosis of pheochromocytoma. DISCUSSION: Drug-induced symptoms of pheochromocytoma are often associated with the use of substituted ENTC benzamide ENTCEND
1	ENTD vomiting ENTDEND 2 hours after the first doses of ENTC amisulpride ENTCEND
0	ENTD Pheochromocytoma ENTDEND  unmasked by amisulpride and ENTC tiapride ENTCEND
0	ENTC verapamil ENTCEND treatment. Abdominal ultrasound showed an adrenal mass, and postoperative histologic examination confirmed the diagnosis of ENTD pheochromocytoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC nicardipine ENTCEND and verapamil treatment. Abdominal ultrasound showed an adrenal mass, and postoperative histologic examination confirmed the diagnosis of ENTD pheochromocytoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD pheochromocytoma ENTDEND are often associated with the use of substituted ENTC benzamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD Pheochromocytoma ENTDEND  unmasked by ENTC amisulpride ENTCEND
0	ENTC lactic acid ENTCEND dehydrogenase, and alkaline phosphatase. Liver biopsy showed active ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND
1	ENTC Quinidine ENTCEND ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD cranial nerve deficits ENTDEND from ENTC papaverine ENTCEND
1	ENTD adverse effect on the proximal eighth nerve ENTDEND  Recommendations to avoid potential cranial nerve deficits from ENTC papaverine ENTCEND
0	ENTC papaverine ENTCEND for ENTD vasospasm ENTDEND
1	ENTD sensorineural hearing loss ENTDEND  The average recovery time of BAEP waveforms to pre- ENTC papaverine ENTCEND
0	ENTC cimetidine ENTCEND 50 mg/hour. The ENTD arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTD arrhythmias ENTDEND were temporally related to cimetidine administration, disappeared after dechallenge, and did not recur during ENTC ranitidine ENTCEND
1	ENTD Sinus arrest ENTDEND  associated with continuous-infusion ENTC cimetidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC ranitidine ENTCEND treatment. This is the first reported case of ENTD sinus arrest ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac disease ENTDEND developed recurrent, brief episodes of apparent sinus arrest while receiving continuous-infusion ENTC cimetidine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac disease ENTDEND developed recurrent, brief episodes of apparent sinus arrest while receiving continuous-infusion cimetidine 50 mg/hour. The arrhythmias were temporally related to cimetidine administration, disappeared after dechallenge, and did not recur during ENTC ranitidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC cimetidine ENTCEND is infrequently associated with the development of bradyarrhythmias. A 40-year-old man with ENTD leukemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD leukemia ENTDEND and no history of cardiac disease developed recurrent, brief episodes of apparent sinus arrest while receiving continuous-infusion cimetidine 50 mg/hour. The arrhythmias were temporally related to cimetidine administration, disappeared after dechallenge, and did not recur during ENTC ranitidine ENTCEND
1	ENTC cimetidine ENTCEND is infrequently associated with the development of ENTD bradyarrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTD bradyarrhythmias ENTDEND  A 40-year-old man with leukemia and no history of cardiac disease developed recurrent, brief episodes of apparent sinus arrest while receiving continuous-infusion cimetidine 50 mg/hour. The arrhythmias were temporally related to cimetidine administration, disappeared after dechallenge, and did not recur during ENTC ranitidine ENTCEND
1	ENTD cardiovascular disease ENTDEND . ENTC Nicotine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiovascular disease ENTDEND  Animal studies and mechanistic studies indicate that nicotine could play a role in accelerating atherosclerosis, but evidence among humans is too inadequate to be definitive about such an effect. Almost certainly, nicotine via its hemodynamic effects contributes to acute cardiovascular events, although current evidence suggests that the effects of nicotine are much less important than are the prothrombotic effects of cigarette smoking or the effects of ENTC carbon monoxide ENTCEND
1	ENTC nicotine ENTCEND could play a role in accelerating ENTD atherosclerosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD atherosclerosis ENTDEND  but evidence among humans is too inadequate to be definitive about such an effect. Almost certainly, nicotine via its hemodynamic effects contributes to acute cardiovascular events, although current evidence suggests that the effects of nicotine are much less important than are the prothrombotic effects of cigarette smoking or the effects of ENTC carbon monoxide ENTCEND
0	ENTC Nicotine ENTCEND does not appear to enhance ENTD thrombosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbon monoxide ENTCEND  Nicotine does not appear to enhance ENTD thrombosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiovascular malformations ENTDEND indicating a pharmacologic class effect. We studied three calcium channel blockers of different structure, nifedipine, ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND
1	ENTC Ro 40-5967 ENTCEND  induced ENTD cardiovascular alterations ENTDEND
1	ENTD cardiovascular malformations ENTDEND was observed after exposure to each of the four calcium channel blockers, but this incidence was statistically significant only for ENTC verapamil ENTCEND
1	ENTD cardiovascular malformations ENTDEND indicating a pharmacologic class effect. We studied three calcium channel blockers of different structure, ENTC nifedipine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Cardiovascular alterations ENTDEND  in rat fetuses exposed to ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND agonist. Other possible adverse effects--such as gastrointestinal disorders, ENTD orthostatic hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbidopa ENTCEND levodopa to the point of "normality," which can lead to toxicity. The physician should also determine the proper use of any adjunctive medications; such combined therapy has become the standard approach to treatment. Following the initial period of therapy, emerging difficulties require a reassessment of therapeutic approaches, such as dosage adjustment or introduction of a dopamine agonist. Other possible adverse effects--such as gastrointestinal disorders, ENTD orthostatic hypotension ENTDEND
1	ENTD orthostatic hypotension ENTDEND  ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND agonist. Other possible adverse effects--such as gastrointestinal disorders, orthostatic hypotension, levodopa-induced ENTD psychosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbidopa ENTCEND levodopa to the point of "normality," which can lead to toxicity. The physician should also determine the proper use of any adjunctive medications; such combined therapy has become the standard approach to treatment. Following the initial period of therapy, emerging difficulties require a reassessment of therapeutic approaches, such as dosage adjustment or introduction of a dopamine agonist. Other possible adverse effects--such as gastrointestinal disorders, orthostatic hypotension, levodopa-induced ENTD psychosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND induced ENTD psychosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND agonist. Other possible adverse effects--such as ENTD gastrointestinal disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbidopa ENTCEND levodopa to the point of "normality," which can lead to toxicity. The physician should also determine the proper use of any adjunctive medications; such combined therapy has become the standard approach to treatment. Following the initial period of therapy, emerging difficulties require a reassessment of therapeutic approaches, such as dosage adjustment or introduction of a dopamine agonist. Other possible adverse effects--such as ENTD gastrointestinal disorders ENTDEND
1	ENTD gastrointestinal disorders ENTDEND  orthostatic hypotension, ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND agonist. Other possible adverse effects--such as gastrointestinal disorders, orthostatic hypotension, levodopa-induced psychosis, ENTD sleep disturbances ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbidopa ENTCEND levodopa to the point of "normality," which can lead to toxicity. The physician should also determine the proper use of any adjunctive medications; such combined therapy has become the standard approach to treatment. Following the initial period of therapy, emerging difficulties require a reassessment of therapeutic approaches, such as dosage adjustment or introduction of a dopamine agonist. Other possible adverse effects--such as gastrointestinal disorders, orthostatic hypotension, levodopa-induced psychosis, ENTD sleep disturbances ENTDEND
0	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND induced psychosis, ENTD sleep disturbances ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  The physician should also determine the proper use of any adjunctive medications; such combined therapy has become the standard approach to treatment. Following the initial period of therapy, emerging difficulties require a reassessment of therapeutic approaches, such as dosage adjustment or introduction of a ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC carbidopa ENTCEND levodopa to the point of "normality," which can lead to ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND to the point of "normality," which can lead to ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND agonist. Other possible adverse effects--such as gastrointestinal disorders, orthostatic hypotension, levodopa-induced psychosis, sleep disturbances or ENTD parasomnias ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbidopa ENTCEND levodopa to the point of "normality," which can lead to toxicity. The physician should also determine the proper use of any adjunctive medications; such combined therapy has become the standard approach to treatment. Following the initial period of therapy, emerging difficulties require a reassessment of therapeutic approaches, such as dosage adjustment or introduction of a dopamine agonist. Other possible adverse effects--such as gastrointestinal disorders, orthostatic hypotension, levodopa-induced psychosis, sleep disturbances or ENTD parasomnias ENTDEND
1	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND induced psychosis, sleep disturbances or ENTD parasomnias ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND agonist. Other possible adverse effects--such as gastrointestinal disorders, orthostatic hypotension, levodopa-induced psychosis, sleep disturbances or parasomnias, or drug interactions--also require carefully monitored individual treatment. Nonpharmacologic concerns can help the ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbidopa ENTCEND levodopa to the point of "normality," which can lead to toxicity. The physician should also determine the proper use of any adjunctive medications; such combined therapy has become the standard approach to treatment. Following the initial period of therapy, emerging difficulties require a reassessment of therapeutic approaches, such as dosage adjustment or introduction of a dopamine agonist. Other possible adverse effects--such as gastrointestinal disorders, orthostatic hypotension, levodopa-induced psychosis, sleep disturbances or parasomnias, or drug interactions--also require carefully monitored individual treatment. Nonpharmacologic concerns can help the ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND induced psychosis, sleep disturbances or parasomnias, or drug interactions--also require carefully monitored individual treatment. Nonpharmacologic concerns can help the ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac arrest ENTDEND  after diltiazem overdose; resuscitation with high dose intravenous calcium.A 51 year old man took a mixed overdose including 1.8-3.6 g of diltiazem, paracetamol, ENTC aspirin ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac arrest ENTDEND  after diltiazem overdose; resuscitation with high dose intravenous calcium.A 51 year old man took a mixed overdose including 1.8-3.6 g of diltiazem, paracetamol, aspirin, isosorbide ENTC nitrate ENTCEND
0	ENTD asystolic ENTDEND  He was resuscitated with high dose (13.5 g) intravenous calcium and ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD asystolic ENTDEND  He was resuscitated with high dose (13.5 g) intravenous ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac arrest ENTDEND  after diltiazem overdose; resuscitation with high dose intravenous calcium.A 51 year old man took a mixed overdose including 1.8-3.6 g of diltiazem, ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac arrest ENTDEND  after diltiazem overdose; resuscitation with high dose intravenous calcium.A 51 year old man took a mixed overdose including 1.8-3.6 g of diltiazem, paracetamol, aspirin, ENTC isosorbide ENTCEND
1	ENTD cardiac arrest ENTDEND  after ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac arrest ENTDEND  after diltiazem overdose; resuscitation with high dose intravenous calcium.A 51 year old man took a mixed overdose including 1.8-3.6 g of diltiazem, paracetamol, aspirin, isosorbide nitrate, and ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTC aspirin ENTCEND  isosorbide nitrate, and alcohol. He initially presented to hospital after six hours with mild ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC nitrate ENTCEND  and alcohol. He initially presented to hospital after six hours with mild ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND and was treated with activated charcoal and intravenous fluids. Eighteen hours after the overdose he had two generalised tonic-clonic seizures. The patient remained unresponsive with junctional bradycardia, unrecordable blood pressure, and then became asystolic. He was resuscitated with high dose (13.5 g) intravenous calcium and ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND .A 51 year old man took a mixed overdose including 1.8-3.6 g of diltiazem, paracetamol, aspirin, isosorbide nitrate, and alcohol. He initially presented to hospital after six hours with mild ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND  aspirin, isosorbide nitrate, and alcohol. He initially presented to hospital after six hours with mild ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC isosorbide ENTCEND nitrate, and alcohol. He initially presented to hospital after six hours with mild ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
1	ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND  paracetamol, aspirin, isosorbide nitrate, and alcohol. He initially presented to hospital after six hours with mild ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND  He initially presented to hospital after six hours with mild ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND . He required inotropic support and temporary pacing over the next 48 hours. This case suggests there is a role for aggressive high dose intravenous calcium therapy in severe diltiazem overdose, particularly with the onset of asystole. It should be considered early in cases of cardiac arrest after diltiazem overdose. The case also highlights the problems with delayed ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND therapy in severe diltiazem overdose, particularly with the onset of asystole. It should be considered early in cases of cardiac arrest after diltiazem overdose. The case also highlights the problems with delayed ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND overdose. The case also highlights the problems with delayed ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC aspirin ENTCEND  isosorbide nitrate, and alcohol. He initially presented to hospital after six hours with mild hypotension and was treated with activated charcoal and intravenous fluids. Eighteen hours after the overdose he had two generalised tonic-clonic seizures. The patient remained unresponsive with junctional ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC nitrate ENTCEND  and alcohol. He initially presented to hospital after six hours with mild hypotension and was treated with activated charcoal and intravenous fluids. Eighteen hours after the overdose he had two generalised tonic-clonic seizures. The patient remained unresponsive with junctional ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND  unrecordable blood pressure, and then became asystolic. He was resuscitated with high dose (13.5 g) intravenous calcium and ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND  unrecordable blood pressure, and then became asystolic. He was resuscitated with high dose (13.5 g) intravenous ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND  aspirin, isosorbide nitrate, and alcohol. He initially presented to hospital after six hours with mild hypotension and was treated with activated charcoal and intravenous fluids. Eighteen hours after the overdose he had two generalised tonic-clonic seizures. The patient remained unresponsive with junctional ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC isosorbide ENTCEND nitrate, and alcohol. He initially presented to hospital after six hours with mild hypotension and was treated with activated charcoal and intravenous fluids. Eighteen hours after the overdose he had two generalised tonic-clonic seizures. The patient remained unresponsive with junctional ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
1	ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND  paracetamol, aspirin, isosorbide nitrate, and alcohol. He initially presented to hospital after six hours with mild hypotension and was treated with activated charcoal and intravenous fluids. Eighteen hours after the overdose he had two generalised tonic-clonic seizures. The patient remained unresponsive with junctional ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND  He initially presented to hospital after six hours with mild hypotension and was treated with activated charcoal and intravenous fluids. Eighteen hours after the overdose he had two generalised tonic-clonic seizures. The patient remained unresponsive with junctional ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD overdose ENTDEND including 1.8-3.6 g of diltiazem, paracetamol, ENTC aspirin ENTCEND
0	ENTD overdose ENTDEND including 1.8-3.6 g of diltiazem, paracetamol, aspirin, isosorbide ENTC nitrate ENTCEND
0	ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND . He required inotropic support and temporary pacing over the next 48 hours. This case suggests there is a role for aggressive high dose intravenous calcium therapy in severe diltiazem ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND therapy in severe diltiazem ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTD overdose ENTDEND including 1.8-3.6 g of diltiazem, ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND
0	ENTD overdose ENTDEND including 1.8-3.6 g of diltiazem, paracetamol, aspirin, ENTC isosorbide ENTCEND
1	ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTD overdose ENTDEND including 1.8-3.6 g of diltiazem, paracetamol, aspirin, isosorbide nitrate, and ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTC aspirin ENTCEND  isosorbide nitrate, and alcohol. He initially presented to hospital after six hours with mild hypotension and was treated with activated charcoal and intravenous fluids. Eighteen hours after the overdose he had two generalised ENTD tonic-clonic seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC nitrate ENTCEND  and alcohol. He initially presented to hospital after six hours with mild hypotension and was treated with activated charcoal and intravenous fluids. Eighteen hours after the overdose he had two generalised ENTD tonic-clonic seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD tonic-clonic seizures ENTDEND  The patient remained unresponsive with junctional bradycardia, unrecordable blood pressure, and then became asystolic. He was resuscitated with high dose (13.5 g) intravenous calcium and ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD tonic-clonic seizures ENTDEND  The patient remained unresponsive with junctional bradycardia, unrecordable blood pressure, and then became asystolic. He was resuscitated with high dose (13.5 g) intravenous ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND  aspirin, isosorbide nitrate, and alcohol. He initially presented to hospital after six hours with mild hypotension and was treated with activated charcoal and intravenous fluids. Eighteen hours after the overdose he had two generalised ENTD tonic-clonic seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC isosorbide ENTCEND nitrate, and alcohol. He initially presented to hospital after six hours with mild hypotension and was treated with activated charcoal and intravenous fluids. Eighteen hours after the overdose he had two generalised ENTD tonic-clonic seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND  paracetamol, aspirin, isosorbide nitrate, and alcohol. He initially presented to hospital after six hours with mild hypotension and was treated with activated charcoal and intravenous fluids. Eighteen hours after the overdose he had two generalised ENTD tonic-clonic seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND  He initially presented to hospital after six hours with mild hypotension and was treated with activated charcoal and intravenous fluids. Eighteen hours after the overdose he had two generalised ENTD tonic-clonic seizures ENTDEND
1	ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND that would be comparable to standard bolus or short-term infusions administered with Mesna. Dose escalations proceeded from 200 to 300, 400, 450, 500, and 550 mg/m2/d. Four patients developed transient microscopic hematuria at 400, 450, and 500 mg/m2/d. There were no instances of macroscopic hematuria. At 550 mg/m2/d, three patients experienced nonurologic toxicity; confusion (1), ENTD nausea ENTDEND
0	ENTC Mesna ENTCEND  Dose escalations proceeded from 200 to 300, 400, 450, 500, and 550 mg/m2/d. Four patients developed transient microscopic hematuria at 400, 450, and 500 mg/m2/d. There were no instances of macroscopic hematuria. At 550 mg/m2/d, three patients experienced nonurologic toxicity; confusion (1), ENTD nausea ENTDEND
1	ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND that would be comparable to standard bolus or short-term infusions administered with Mesna. Dose escalations proceeded from 200 to 300, 400, 450, 500, and 550 mg/m2/d. Four patients developed transient microscopic hematuria at 400, 450, and 500 mg/m2/d. There were no instances of macroscopic hematuria. At 550 mg/m2/d, three patients experienced nonurologic toxicity; ENTD confusion ENTDEND
0	ENTC Mesna ENTCEND  Dose escalations proceeded from 200 to 300, 400, 450, 500, and 550 mg/m2/d. Four patients developed transient microscopic hematuria at 400, 450, and 500 mg/m2/d. There were no instances of macroscopic hematuria. At 550 mg/m2/d, three patients experienced nonurologic toxicity; ENTD confusion ENTDEND
1	ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND that would be comparable to standard bolus or short-term infusions administered with Mesna. Dose escalations proceeded from 200 to 300, 400, 450, 500, and 550 mg/m2/d. Four patients developed transient microscopic hematuria at 400, 450, and 500 mg/m2/d. There were no instances of macroscopic hematuria. At 550 mg/m2/d, three patients experienced nonurologic toxicity; confusion (1), nausea (1), and Grade 2 ENTD leukopenia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Mesna ENTCEND  Dose escalations proceeded from 200 to 300, 400, 450, 500, and 550 mg/m2/d. Four patients developed transient microscopic hematuria at 400, 450, and 500 mg/m2/d. There were no instances of macroscopic hematuria. At 550 mg/m2/d, three patients experienced nonurologic toxicity; confusion (1), nausea (1), and Grade 2 ENTD leukopenia ENTDEND
0	ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND that would be comparable to standard bolus or short-term infusions administered with Mesna. Dose escalations proceeded from 200 to 300, 400, 450, 500, and 550 mg/m2/d. Four patients developed transient microscopic hematuria at 400, 450, and 500 mg/m2/d. There were no instances of macroscopic hematuria. At 550 mg/m2/d, three patients experienced nonurologic ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC Mesna ENTCEND  Dose escalations proceeded from 200 to 300, 400, 450, 500, and 550 mg/m2/d. Four patients developed transient microscopic hematuria at 400, 450, and 500 mg/m2/d. There were no instances of macroscopic hematuria. At 550 mg/m2/d, three patients experienced nonurologic ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTD hematuria ENTDEND  The protracted infusion schedule for ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC Mesna ENTCEND to the infusate in patients with persistent ENTD hematuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD deformations ENTDEND caused by both coniine and ENTC nicotine ENTCEND
0	ENTD deformations ENTDEND caused by both ENTC coniine ENTCEND
1	ENTC nicotine ENTCEND sulfate treated chicks. In summary, the chick embryo provides a reliable and simple experimental animal model of coniine-induced ENTD arthrogryposis ENTDEND
1	ENTC coniine ENTCEND induced ENTD arthrogryposis ENTDEND
1	ENTD cranial hemorrhage ENTDEND occurred in all ENTC nicotine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cranial hemorrhage ENTDEND occurred in all nicotine sulfate-treated chicks. There was a statistically significant (P < or = 0.01) decrease in movement in ENTC coniine ENTCEND
0	ENTC HCFCs 123 and 124 ENTCEND can result in serious ENTD liver injury ENTDEND
0	ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND of these agents is not known, the results suggest that ENTC trifluoroacetyl ENTCEND
0	ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND of ENTC halothane ENTCEND
0	ENTC HCFCs 123 and 124 ENTCEND can result in serious ENTD liver injury ENTDEND
0	ENTC ozone ENTCEND depleting chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs). Limited studies in animals indicate potential ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC CFCs ENTCEND . Limited studies in animals indicate potential ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD necrosis ENTDEND . Trifluoroacetyl-adducted proteins were detected in surviving hepatocytes. Autoantibodies against P450 2E1 or P58, previously associated with halothane hepatitis, were detected in the serum of five affected workers. INTERPRETATION: Repeated exposure of human beings to ENTC HCFCs 123 and 124 ENTCEND
0	ENTD necrosis ENTDEND . ENTC Trifluoroacetyl ENTCEND
0	ENTC halothane ENTCEND  We aimed to test whether HCFCs 123 and 124 can result in serious liver disease. METHODS: For one severely affected worker liver biopsy and immunohistochemical stainings for the presence of trifluoroacetyl protein adducts were done. The serum of six affected workers and five controls was tested for autoantibodies that react with human liver cytochrome-P450 2E1 (P450 2E1) and P58 protein disulphide isomerase isoform (P58). FINDINGS: The liver biopsy sample showed hepatocellular ENTD necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD necrosis ENTDEND . Trifluoroacetyl-adducted proteins were detected in surviving hepatocytes. Autoantibodies against P450 2E1 or P58, previously associated with halothane hepatitis, were detected in the serum of five affected workers. INTERPRETATION: Repeated exposure of human beings to ENTC HCFCs 123 and 124 ENTCEND
1	ENTC HCFCs 123 and 124 ENTCEND can result in serious ENTD liver disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD liver disease ENTDEND  METHODS: For one severely affected worker liver biopsy and immunohistochemical stainings for the presence of ENTC trifluoroacetyl ENTCEND
0	ENTC halothane ENTCEND  We aimed to test whether HCFCs 123 and 124 can result in serious ENTD liver disease ENTDEND
1	ENTC HCFCs 123 and 124 ENTCEND can result in serious ENTD liver disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD liver disease ENTDEND  caused by hydrochlorofluorocarbons used as ENTC ozone ENTCEND
0	ENTD liver disease ENTDEND  caused by hydrochlorofluorocarbons used as ozone-sparing substitutes of ENTC chlorofluorocarbons ENTCEND
0	ENTD halothane hepatitis ENTDEND  were detected in the serum of five affected workers. INTERPRETATION: Repeated exposure of human beings to ENTC HCFCs 123 and 124 ENTCEND
0	ENTC Trifluoroacetyl ENTCEND adducted proteins were detected in surviving hepatocytes. Autoantibodies against P450 2E1 or P58, previously associated with ENTD halothane hepatitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD halothane hepatitis ENTDEND  were detected in the serum of five affected workers. INTERPRETATION: Repeated exposure of human beings to ENTC HCFCs 123 and 124 ENTCEND
1	ENTD hyperkalaemia ENTDEND following the use of ENTC suxamethonium ENTCEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND was observed to be 8.4 mequiv L-1. Apart from the reduction in the patient's level of consciousness, there were no signs of motor neurone damage or of any of the other known predisposing conditions for ENTD hyperkalaemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Suxamethonium ENTCEND -induced cardiac arrest and ENTD death ENTDEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND was observed to be 8.4 mequiv L-1. Apart from the reduction in the patient's level of consciousness, there were no signs of motor neurone damage or of any of the other known predisposing conditions for hyperkalaemia following the administration of suxamethonium. It is postulated that her ENTD death ENTDEND
1	ENTC suxamethonium ENTCEND  ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND and cardiac arrest occurred. Attempts to resuscitate the patient were not successful. The serum level of ENTC potassium ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypersensitivity ENTDEND to ENTC suxamethonium ENTCEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND was observed to be 8.4 mequiv L-1. Apart from the reduction in the patient's level of consciousness, there were no signs of motor neurone damage or of any of the other known predisposing conditions for hyperkalaemia following the administration of suxamethonium. It is postulated that her death was caused by ENTD hypersensitivity ENTDEND
1	ENTC Suxamethonium ENTCEND -induced ENTD cardiac arrest ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac arrest ENTDEND occurred. Attempts to resuscitate the patient were not successful. The serum level of ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTC suxamethonium ENTCEND in a 23-year-old Malawian woman. Five days after the onset of the symptoms of ENTD meningitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD meningitis ENTDEND  the patient aspirated stomach contents and needed endotracheal intubation. Forty seconds after injection of suxamethonium, bradycardia and cardiac arrest occurred. Attempts to resuscitate the patient were not successful. The serum level of ENTC potassium ENTCEND
1	ENTC Suxamethonium ENTCEND  infusion rate and observed ENTD fasciculations ENTDEND
0	ENTD tetanic ENTDEND stimulation of the ulnar nerve or when ENTC Sch ENTCEND
0	ENTD cystic renal diseases ENTDEND and renal cancer is under investigation. Because ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND
1	ENTC Sirolimus ENTCEND -associated ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND and renal function, use of ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTC angiotensin II ENTCEND receptor blockers if ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD autoimmunity ENTDEND  cystic renal diseases and renal cancer is under investigation. Because ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD chronic renal damage ENTDEND  The mechanisms of ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD chronic renal damage ENTDEND  The mechanisms of sirolimus-associated proteinuria are multifactorial and may be due to an increase in glomerular capillary pressure following calcineurin inhibitor withdrawal. It has also been suggested that sirolimus directly causes increased glomerular permeability/injury, but evidence for this mechanism is currently inconclusive. The acute renal dysfunction associated with sirolimus (such as in delayed graft function) may be due to suppression of compensatory renal cell proliferation and survival/repair processes. Although these adverse effects occur in some patients, their occurrence could be minimised by knowledge of the molecular effects of sirolimus on the kidney, the use of sirolimus in appropriate patient populations, close monitoring of proteinuria and renal function, use of ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTD chronic renal damage ENTDEND  The mechanisms of sirolimus-associated proteinuria are multifactorial and may be due to an increase in glomerular capillary pressure following calcineurin inhibitor withdrawal. It has also been suggested that sirolimus directly causes increased glomerular permeability/injury, but evidence for this mechanism is currently inconclusive. The acute renal dysfunction associated with sirolimus (such as in delayed graft function) may be due to suppression of compensatory renal cell proliferation and survival/repair processes. Although these adverse effects occur in some patients, their occurrence could be minimised by knowledge of the molecular effects of sirolimus on the kidney, the use of sirolimus in appropriate patient populations, close monitoring of proteinuria and renal function, use of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or ENTC angiotensin II ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal cancer ENTDEND is under investigation. Because ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND
1	ENTD renal dysfunction ENTDEND . ENTC Sirolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal dysfunction ENTDEND associated with ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal dysfunction ENTDEND associated with sirolimus (such as in delayed graft function) may be due to suppression of compensatory renal cell proliferation and survival/repair processes. Although these adverse effects occur in some patients, their occurrence could be minimised by knowledge of the molecular effects of sirolimus on the kidney, the use of sirolimus in appropriate patient populations, close monitoring of proteinuria and renal function, use of ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal dysfunction ENTDEND associated with sirolimus (such as in delayed graft function) may be due to suppression of compensatory renal cell proliferation and survival/repair processes. Although these adverse effects occur in some patients, their occurrence could be minimised by knowledge of the molecular effects of sirolimus on the kidney, the use of sirolimus in appropriate patient populations, close monitoring of proteinuria and renal function, use of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or ENTC angiotensin II ENTCEND
0	ENTD glomerulonephritis ENTDEND  autoimmunity, cystic renal diseases and renal cancer is under investigation. Because ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD neurodegeneration ENTDEND of ENTC DA ENTCEND
1	ENTC MPTP ENTCEND induced ENTD neurodegeneration ENTDEND
1	ENTD CNS damage ENTDEND caused by ENTC METH ENTCEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND  METH depleted ENTC DA ENTCEND
0	ENTC MPTP ENTCEND is highly selective for the DA neuronal system in mouse models of ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC METH ENTCEND ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND and the development of ENTD nephrotic ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND ratios, an estimate of grams of proteinuria/day. Laboratory results were compared between prior, during and following sirolimus use. RESULTS: Twenty-eight patients (24%) developed increased proteinuria from baseline during their post-transplantation course. In 21 patients an alternative cause of proteinuria was either obvious or insufficient data was available to be conclusive. In 7 of the 28 patients there was a striking temporal association between the initiation of sirolimus and the development of ENTD nephrotic ENTDEND
0	ENTC Sirolimus ENTCEND is the latest immunosuppressive agent used to prevent rejection, and may have less ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND than calcineurin inhibitor (CNI)-based regimens. To date there has been little documentation of clinically significant proteinuria linked with the use of sirolimus. We have encountered several patients who developed substantial proteinuria associated with sirolimus use. In each patient, the close temporal association between the commencement of sirolimus therapy and proteinuria implicated sirolimus as the most likely etiology of the proteinuria. METHODS: We analyzed the clinical and laboratory information available for all 119 patients transplanted at the Washington Hospital Center between 1999-2003 for whom sirolimus was a component of their immunosuppressant regimen. In these patients, the magnitude of proteinuria was assessed on morning urine samples by turbidometric measurement or random urine protein: ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
1	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND implicated ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND ratios, an estimate of grams of ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
1	ENTC Clomipramine ENTCEND -induced ENTD sleep disturbance ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND was evaluated. The 65 dogs in the study received injections in the subarachnoid space as follows: 6 to 8 ml of ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC 2-chloroprocaine-CE ENTCEND in experimental animals. The possible role of low pH as well as total volume as potential factors in causing ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD subpial necrosis ENTDEND  the nerve roots and subarachnoid vessels were normal. The spinal cords of the animals that received ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND
1	ENTC 2-chloroprocaine-CE ENTCEND  13 showed ENTD subpial necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD paralysis ENTDEND  None of the animals that received ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND
1	ENTC 2-chloroprocaine-CE ENTCEND seven (35%) developed hind-limb ENTD paralysis ENTDEND
1	ENTC L-dopa ENTCEND induced ENTD dyskinesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND patients on ENTC L-dopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperkinetic ENTDEND abnormal involuntary movement, like ENTC L-dopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperprolactinemia ENTDEND  induced by haloperidol (HAL) on age related morphology and function changes of epithelial cells in rat prostate lateral lobe. The study was performed on sexually mature male rats. Serum concentrations of prolactin (PRL) and ENTC testosterone ENTCEND
1	ENTD hyperprolactinemia ENTDEND  induced by ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperprolactinemia ENTDEND  induced by haloperidol (HAL) on age related morphology and function changes of epithelial cells in rat prostate lateral lobe. The study was performed on sexually mature male rats. Serum concentrations of prolactin ( ENTC PRL ENTCEND
0	ENTC T ENTCEND concentration was almost twice lower than that in the control group. Light microscopy visualized the following: hypertrophy and epithelium ENTD hyperplasia ENTDEND
0	ENTC PRL ENTCEND was more than twice higher, whereas T concentration was almost twice lower than that in the control group. Light microscopy visualized the following: hypertrophy and epithelium ENTD hyperplasia ENTDEND
0	ENTC T ENTCEND concentration was almost twice lower than that in the control group. Light microscopy visualized the following: ENTD hypertrophy ENTDEND
0	ENTC PRL ENTCEND was more than twice higher, whereas T concentration was almost twice lower than that in the control group. Light microscopy visualized the following: ENTD hypertrophy ENTDEND
1	ENTD hepatocellular carcinomas ENTDEND developed in rats fed the plain ENTC choline ENTCEND
0	ENTC phenobarbital ENTCEND  No hepatic preneoplastic nodules or ENTD hepatocellular carcinomas ENTDEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND .The effects of ENTC digitalis glycosides ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND .The effects of digitalis glycosides on myocardial ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
0	ENTD congestive heart failure ENTDEND left ventricular end-diastolic volume falls after ENTC ouabain ENTCEND
0	ENTC digitalis glycosides ENTCEND on myocardial oxygen supply and demand are of particular interest in the presence of obstructive ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND  supply and demand in patients with chronic ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC ouabain ENTCEND  on myocardial oxygen supply and demand in patients with chronic ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD left ventricular end-diastolic volume falls ENTDEND after ouabain administration even when it is initially normal. Though this fall would be associated with a decrease in wall tension, and, therefore, of myocardial ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
1	ENTD left ventricular end-diastolic volume falls ENTDEND after ENTC ouabain ENTCEND
0	ENTC d-amphetamine ENTCEND or phencyclidine was restored by 5-HT6 receptor antagonist in an animal study using rats. These animal models were considered to reflect the positive symptoms of schizophrenia, and the above evidence suggests that altered 5-HT6 receptors are involved in the pathophysiology of psychotic disorders. The symptoms of methamphetamine (METH)-induced psychosis are similar to those of ENTD paranoid type schizophrenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD paranoid type schizophrenia ENTDEND  Therefore, we conducted an analysis of the association of the ENTC 5-HT ENTCEND
0	ENTC METH ENTCEND -induced psychosis are similar to those of ENTD paranoid type schizophrenia ENTDEND
0	ENTC clozapine ENTCEND and olanzapine, and d-amphetamine-induced hyperactivity in rats is corrected with the use of a selective 5-HT6 receptor antagonist. In addition, the disrupted prepulse inhibition induced by d-amphetamine or phencyclidine was restored by 5-HT6 receptor antagonist in an animal study using rats. These animal models were considered to reflect the positive symptoms of schizophrenia, and the above evidence suggests that altered 5-HT6 receptors are involved in the pathophysiology of psychotic disorders. The symptoms of methamphetamine (METH)-induced psychosis are similar to those of ENTD paranoid type schizophrenia ENTDEND
0	ENTC phencyclidine ENTCEND was restored by 5-HT6 receptor antagonist in an animal study using rats. These animal models were considered to reflect the positive symptoms of schizophrenia, and the above evidence suggests that altered 5-HT6 receptors are involved in the pathophysiology of psychotic disorders. The symptoms of methamphetamine (METH)-induced psychosis are similar to those of ENTD paranoid type schizophrenia ENTDEND
0	ENTC olanzapine ENTCEND  and d-amphetamine-induced hyperactivity in rats is corrected with the use of a selective 5-HT6 receptor antagonist. In addition, the disrupted prepulse inhibition induced by d-amphetamine or phencyclidine was restored by 5-HT6 receptor antagonist in an animal study using rats. These animal models were considered to reflect the positive symptoms of schizophrenia, and the above evidence suggests that altered 5-HT6 receptors are involved in the pathophysiology of psychotic disorders. The symptoms of methamphetamine (METH)-induced psychosis are similar to those of ENTD paranoid type schizophrenia ENTDEND
0	ENTC d-amphetamine ENTCEND induced ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND in rats is corrected with the use of a selective ENTC 5-HT ENTCEND
0	ENTC methamphetamine ENTCEND -induced psychosis in a Japanese population.BACKGROUND: Altered serotonergic neural transmission is hypothesized to be a susceptibility factor for psychotic disorders such as schizophrenia. The serotonin 6 (5-HT6) receptor is therapeutically targeted by several second generation antipsychotics, such as clozapine and olanzapine, and d-amphetamine-induced ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC clozapine ENTCEND and olanzapine, and d-amphetamine-induced ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND in rats is corrected with the use of a selective 5-HT6 receptor antagonist. In addition, the disrupted prepulse inhibition induced by d-amphetamine or ENTC phencyclidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC olanzapine ENTCEND  and d-amphetamine-induced ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTD psychotic disorders ENTDEND such as schizophrenia. The serotonin 6 (5-HT6) receptor is therapeutically targeted by several second generation antipsychotics, such as clozapine and olanzapine, and ENTC d-amphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-HT ENTCEND  gene (HTR6) with METH-induced ENTD psychosis ENTDEND
1	ENTC METH ENTCEND induced ENTD psychosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD psychotic disorders ENTDEND such as schizophrenia. The serotonin 6 (5-HT6) receptor is therapeutically targeted by several second generation antipsychotics, such as ENTC clozapine ENTCEND
0	ENTC phencyclidine ENTCEND was restored by 5-HT6 receptor antagonist in an animal study using rats. These animal models were considered to reflect the positive symptoms of schizophrenia, and the above evidence suggests that altered 5-HT6 receptors are involved in the pathophysiology of ENTD psychotic disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTD psychotic disorders ENTDEND such as schizophrenia. The serotonin 6 (5-HT6) receptor is therapeutically targeted by several second generation antipsychotics, such as clozapine and ENTC olanzapine ENTCEND
0	ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND  The serotonin 6 (5-HT6) receptor is therapeutically targeted by several second generation antipsychotics, such as clozapine and olanzapine, and ENTC d-amphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND  The ENTC serotonin ENTCEND
0	ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND  and the above evidence suggests that altered 5-HT6 receptors are involved in the pathophysiology of psychotic disorders. The symptoms of ENTC methamphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND  The serotonin 6 (5-HT6) receptor is therapeutically targeted by several second generation antipsychotics, such as ENTC clozapine ENTCEND
0	ENTC phencyclidine ENTCEND was restored by 5-HT6 receptor antagonist in an animal study using rats. These animal models were considered to reflect the positive symptoms of ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND  The serotonin 6 (5-HT6) receptor is therapeutically targeted by several second generation antipsychotics, such as clozapine and ENTC olanzapine ENTCEND
1	ENTC mazindol ENTCEND included decreased appetite (36%), ENTD dry mouth ENTDEND
0	ENTC mazindol ENTCEND  in ENTD Duchenne dystrophy ENTDEND
0	ENTD weakness ENTDEND at P less than 0.05. ENTC Mazindol ENTCEND
1	ENTD gastrointestinal symptoms ENTDEND (18%); ENTC mazindol ENTCEND
1	ENTC mazindol ENTCEND included ENTD decreased appetite ENTDEND
1	ENTD pain ENTDEND of the vein, which required treatment, and two cases of hypotension. The two hypotensive patients required treatment for shock. CONCLUSIONS: A comparison of frequency of adverse reactions to ENTC indocyanine green ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND of the vein, which required treatment, and two cases of hypotension. The two hypotensive patients required treatment for shock. CONCLUSIONS: A comparison of frequency of adverse reactions to indocyanine green with the previously reported frequency of such reactions to ENTC fluorescein sodium ENTCEND
1	ENTC indocyanine green ENTCEND used for angiography varied from 25 to 75 mg, depending upon the institution. There were 13 cases of adverse reactions (0.34%), ten of which were mild reactions such as nausea, ENTD exanthema ENTDEND
0	ENTD exanthema ENTDEND  urtication, itchiness, and urgency to defecate, and did not require treatment. Also recorded were one case of pain of the vein, which required treatment, and two cases of hypotension. The two hypotensive patients required treatment for shock. CONCLUSIONS: A comparison of frequency of adverse reactions to indocyanine green with the previously reported frequency of such reactions to ENTC fluorescein sodium ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND patients required treatment for shock. CONCLUSIONS: A comparison of frequency of adverse reactions to ENTC indocyanine green ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND patients required treatment for shock. CONCLUSIONS: A comparison of frequency of adverse reactions to indocyanine green with the previously reported frequency of such reactions to ENTC fluorescein sodium ENTCEND
1	ENTC indocyanine green ENTCEND used for angiography varied from 25 to 75 mg, depending upon the institution. There were 13 cases of adverse reactions (0.34%), ten of which were mild reactions such as nausea, exanthema, ENTD urtication ENTDEND
0	ENTD urtication ENTDEND  itchiness, and urgency to defecate, and did not require treatment. Also recorded were one case of pain of the vein, which required treatment, and two cases of hypotension. The two hypotensive patients required treatment for shock. CONCLUSIONS: A comparison of frequency of adverse reactions to indocyanine green with the previously reported frequency of such reactions to ENTC fluorescein sodium ENTCEND
1	ENTC indocyanine green ENTCEND used for angiography varied from 25 to 75 mg, depending upon the institution. There were 13 cases of adverse reactions (0.34%), ten of which were mild reactions such as ENTD nausea ENTDEND
0	ENTD nausea ENTDEND  exanthema, urtication, itchiness, and urgency to defecate, and did not require treatment. Also recorded were one case of pain of the vein, which required treatment, and two cases of hypotension. The two hypotensive patients required treatment for shock. CONCLUSIONS: A comparison of frequency of adverse reactions to indocyanine green with the previously reported frequency of such reactions to ENTC fluorescein sodium ENTCEND
1	ENTD shock ENTDEND  CONCLUSIONS: A comparison of frequency of adverse reactions to ENTC indocyanine green ENTCEND
0	ENTD shock ENTDEND  CONCLUSIONS: A comparison of frequency of adverse reactions to indocyanine green with the previously reported frequency of such reactions to ENTC fluorescein sodium ENTCEND
1	ENTC indocyanine green ENTCEND used for angiography varied from 25 to 75 mg, depending upon the institution. There were 13 cases of adverse reactions (0.34%), ten of which were mild reactions such as nausea, exanthema, urtication, ENTD itchiness ENTDEND
0	ENTD itchiness ENTDEND  and urgency to defecate, and did not require treatment. Also recorded were one case of pain of the vein, which required treatment, and two cases of hypotension. The two hypotensive patients required treatment for shock. CONCLUSIONS: A comparison of frequency of adverse reactions to indocyanine green with the previously reported frequency of such reactions to ENTC fluorescein sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND -induced hemolytic anemia in the treatment of ENTD hepatitis C ENTDEND
0	ENTD hepatitis C ENTDEND : clinical and economic implications.OBJECTIVES: Recently published studies have demonstrated increased efficacy and cost-effectiveness of combination therapy with interferon and alpha-2b/ribavirin compared with ENTC interferon-alpha ENTCEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND compared with interferon-alpha monotherapy in the treatment of ENTD chronic hepatitis C ENTDEND
0	ENTC interferon-alpha ENTCEND monotherapy in the treatment of ENTD chronic hepatitis C ENTDEND
1	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND -induced ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC interferon-alpha ENTCEND monotherapy in the treatment of chronic hepatitis C (CHC). Combination therapy is associated with a clinically important adverse effect: ribavirin-induced ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC succinylcholine ENTCEND is postoperative myalgia. The pathogenesis of this myalgia is still unclear; ENTD inflammation ENTDEND
0	ENTD inflammation ENTDEND  Pretreatment with ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND
1	ENTC succinylcholine ENTCEND associated ENTD myalgia ENTDEND
0	ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND group complained of ENTD myalgia ENTDEND
1	ENTC succinylcholine ENTCEND is ENTD postoperative myalgia ENTDEND
0	ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND is not justified to prevent ENTD postoperative myalgia ENTDEND
1	ENTC fenfluramine ENTCEND phentermine developed valvular heart disease. One had baseline bicuspid aortic valve and mild ENTD aortic regurgitation ENTDEND
0	ENTC dexfenfluramine ENTCEND for 14 days or more and had echocardiograms obtained before therapy. MEASUREMENTS: Follow-up echocardiography. The primary outcome was new or worsening valvulopathy, defined as progression of either ENTD aortic or mitral regurgitation ENTDEND
1	ENTC phentermine ENTCEND developed valvular heart disease. One had baseline bicuspid aortic valve and mild ENTD aortic regurgitation ENTDEND
0	ENTC fenfluramine ENTCEND phentermine developed valvular heart disease. One had baseline ENTD bicuspid aortic valve ENTDEND
0	ENTC dexfenfluramine ENTCEND for 14 days or more and had echocardiograms obtained before therapy. MEASUREMENTS: Follow-up echocardiography. The primary outcome was new or worsening valvulopathy, defined as progression of either aortic or mitral regurgitation by at least one degree of severity and disease that met U.S. Food and Drug Administration criteria (at least mild aortic regurgitation or moderate mitral regurgitation). RESULTS: Two patients (4.3% [95% CI, 0.6% to 14.8%]) receiving fenfluramine-phentermine developed valvular heart disease. One had baseline ENTD bicuspid aortic valve ENTDEND
0	ENTC phentermine ENTCEND developed valvular heart disease. One had baseline ENTD bicuspid aortic valve ENTDEND
0	ENTD mitral regurgitation ENTDEND . RESULTS: Two patients (4.3% [95% CI, 0.6% to 14.8%]) receiving ENTC fenfluramine ENTCEND
0	ENTC dexfenfluramine ENTCEND for 14 days or more and had echocardiograms obtained before therapy. MEASUREMENTS: Follow-up echocardiography. The primary outcome was new or worsening valvulopathy, defined as progression of either ENTD aortic or mitral regurgitation ENTDEND
0	ENTD mitral regurgitation ENTDEND . RESULTS: Two patients (4.3% [95% CI, 0.6% to 14.8%]) receiving fenfluramine- ENTC phentermine ENTCEND
0	ENTD valvular heart disease ENTDEND  among users of ENTC fenfluramine ENTCEND
0	ENTC dexfenfluramine ENTCEND had ENTD valvular disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC phentermine ENTCEND developed ENTD valvular heart disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurological deficits ENTDEND  We recommend that hyperbaric ENTC lignocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND of hyperbaric 5% ENTC lignocaine ENTCEND
1	ENTC lignocaine ENTCEND : a review of six cases of ENTD cauda equina syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND based immunosuppression (CyA) is necessary. We characterized tacrolimus side effects that warranted discontinuation of the drug, and outcomes after conversion. Of 388 liver recipients who received tacrolimus as primary immunosuppression, 70 required conversion to CyA. We recorded indication for conversion, whether conversion was early or late after transplantation, tacrolimus dose and trough blood level at conversion, and incidence of rejection after conversion. Conversion was early in 29 patients (41.4%) and late in 41 (58.6%). Indications for early conversion were neurotoxicity (20), (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (IDDM) (5), nephrotoxicity (3), gastrointestinal (GI) toxicity (6), and cardiomyopathy (1), and for late conversion were neurotoxicity (15), IDDM (12), nephrotoxicity (3), GI toxicity (5), hepatotoxicity (6), post-transplant lmphoproliferate disease (PTLD) (2), cardiomyopathy (1), ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
1	ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND (1), and pruritus (1). All early-conversion patients showed improvement/resolution of symptoms. Among late-conversion patients, 37 (90.2%) had improvement/resolution; in 4 (9.8%), adverse effects persisted. The overall rejection rate was 30%. Sixty-two patients (88.6%) are alive with functioning grafts 686 +/- 362 days (range, 154-1433 days) after conversion. When ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND based immunosuppression (CyA) is necessary. We characterized tacrolimus side effects that warranted discontinuation of the drug, and outcomes after conversion. Of 388 liver recipients who received tacrolimus as primary immunosuppression, 70 required conversion to CyA. We recorded indication for conversion, whether conversion was early or late after transplantation, tacrolimus dose and trough blood level at conversion, and incidence of rejection after conversion. Conversion was early in 29 patients (41.4%) and late in 41 (58.6%). Indications for early conversion were ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND dose and trough blood level at conversion, and incidence of rejection after conversion. Conversion was early in 29 patients (41.4%) and late in 41 (58.6%). Indications for early conversion were ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND based immunosuppression (CyA) is necessary. We characterized tacrolimus side effects that warranted discontinuation of the drug, and outcomes after conversion. Of 388 liver recipients who received tacrolimus as primary immunosuppression, 70 required conversion to CyA. We recorded indication for conversion, whether conversion was early or late after transplantation, tacrolimus dose and trough blood level at conversion, and incidence of rejection after conversion. Conversion was early in 29 patients (41.4%) and late in 41 (58.6%). Indications for early conversion were neurotoxicity (20), (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (IDDM) (5), nephrotoxicity (3), gastrointestinal (GI) toxicity (6), and cardiomyopathy (1), and for late conversion were neurotoxicity (15), IDDM (12), nephrotoxicity (3), GI toxicity (5), hepatotoxicity (6), post-transplant lmphoproliferate disease (PTLD) (2), cardiomyopathy (1), hemolytic anemia (1), and ENTD pruritus ENTDEND
1	ENTD pruritus ENTDEND (1). All early-conversion patients showed improvement/resolution of symptoms. Among late-conversion patients, 37 (90.2%) had improvement/resolution; in 4 (9.8%), adverse effects persisted. The overall rejection rate was 30%. Sixty-two patients (88.6%) are alive with functioning grafts 686 +/- 362 days (range, 154-1433 days) after conversion. When ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND based immunosuppression (CyA) is necessary. We characterized tacrolimus side effects that warranted discontinuation of the drug, and outcomes after conversion. Of 388 liver recipients who received tacrolimus as primary immunosuppression, 70 required conversion to CyA. We recorded indication for conversion, whether conversion was early or late after transplantation, tacrolimus dose and trough blood level at conversion, and incidence of rejection after conversion. Conversion was early in 29 patients (41.4%) and late in 41 (58.6%). Indications for early conversion were neurotoxicity (20), ENTD (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus ENTDEND
1	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND dose and trough blood level at conversion, and incidence of rejection after conversion. Conversion was early in 29 patients (41.4%) and late in 41 (58.6%). Indications for early conversion were neurotoxicity (20), ENTD (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND based immunosuppression (CyA) is necessary. We characterized tacrolimus side effects that warranted discontinuation of the drug, and outcomes after conversion. Of 388 liver recipients who received tacrolimus as primary immunosuppression, 70 required conversion to CyA. We recorded indication for conversion, whether conversion was early or late after transplantation, tacrolimus dose and trough blood level at conversion, and incidence of rejection after conversion. Conversion was early in 29 patients (41.4%) and late in 41 (58.6%). Indications for early conversion were neurotoxicity (20), (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (IDDM) (5), nephrotoxicity (3), gastrointestinal (GI) toxicity (6), and ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND
1	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND dose and trough blood level at conversion, and incidence of rejection after conversion. Conversion was early in 29 patients (41.4%) and late in 41 (58.6%). Indications for early conversion were neurotoxicity (20), (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (IDDM) (5), nephrotoxicity (3), gastrointestinal (GI) toxicity (6), and ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND based immunosuppression (CyA) is necessary. We characterized tacrolimus side effects that warranted discontinuation of the drug, and outcomes after conversion. Of 388 liver recipients who received tacrolimus as primary immunosuppression, 70 required conversion to CyA. We recorded indication for conversion, whether conversion was early or late after transplantation, tacrolimus dose and trough blood level at conversion, and incidence of rejection after conversion. Conversion was early in 29 patients (41.4%) and late in 41 (58.6%). Indications for early conversion were neurotoxicity (20), (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (IDDM) (5), ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND dose and trough blood level at conversion, and incidence of rejection after conversion. Conversion was early in 29 patients (41.4%) and late in 41 (58.6%). Indications for early conversion were neurotoxicity (20), (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (IDDM) (5), ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND based immunosuppression (CyA) is necessary. We characterized tacrolimus side effects that warranted discontinuation of the drug, and outcomes after conversion. Of 388 liver recipients who received tacrolimus as primary immunosuppression, 70 required conversion to CyA. We recorded indication for conversion, whether conversion was early or late after transplantation, tacrolimus dose and trough blood level at conversion, and incidence of rejection after conversion. Conversion was early in 29 patients (41.4%) and late in 41 (58.6%). Indications for early conversion were neurotoxicity (20), (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (IDDM) (5), nephrotoxicity (3), ENTD gastrointestinal (GI) toxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND dose and trough blood level at conversion, and incidence of rejection after conversion. Conversion was early in 29 patients (41.4%) and late in 41 (58.6%). Indications for early conversion were neurotoxicity (20), (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (IDDM) (5), nephrotoxicity (3), ENTD gastrointestinal (GI) toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND based immunosuppression (CyA) is necessary. We characterized tacrolimus side effects that warranted discontinuation of the drug, and outcomes after conversion. Of 388 liver recipients who received tacrolimus as primary immunosuppression, 70 required conversion to CyA. We recorded indication for conversion, whether conversion was early or late after transplantation, tacrolimus dose and trough blood level at conversion, and incidence of rejection after conversion. Conversion was early in 29 patients (41.4%) and late in 41 (58.6%). Indications for early conversion were neurotoxicity (20), (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (IDDM) (5), nephrotoxicity (3), gastrointestinal (GI) toxicity (6), and cardiomyopathy (1), and for late conversion were neurotoxicity (15), IDDM (12), nephrotoxicity (3), GI toxicity (5), ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND dose and trough blood level at conversion, and incidence of rejection after conversion. Conversion was early in 29 patients (41.4%) and late in 41 (58.6%). Indications for early conversion were neurotoxicity (20), (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (IDDM) (5), nephrotoxicity (3), gastrointestinal (GI) toxicity (6), and cardiomyopathy (1), and for late conversion were neurotoxicity (15), IDDM (12), nephrotoxicity (3), GI toxicity (5), ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND based immunosuppression (CyA) is necessary. We characterized tacrolimus side effects that warranted discontinuation of the drug, and outcomes after conversion. Of 388 liver recipients who received tacrolimus as primary immunosuppression, 70 required conversion to CyA. We recorded indication for conversion, whether conversion was early or late after transplantation, tacrolimus dose and trough blood level at conversion, and incidence of rejection after conversion. Conversion was early in 29 patients (41.4%) and late in 41 (58.6%). Indications for early conversion were neurotoxicity (20), (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (IDDM) (5), nephrotoxicity (3), gastrointestinal (GI) toxicity (6), and cardiomyopathy (1), and for late conversion were neurotoxicity (15), IDDM (12), nephrotoxicity (3), GI toxicity (5), hepatotoxicity (6), ENTD post-transplant lmphoproliferate disease ENTDEND
1	ENTD PTLD ENTDEND  (2), cardiomyopathy (1), hemolytic anemia (1), and pruritus (1). All early-conversion patients showed improvement/resolution of symptoms. Among late-conversion patients, 37 (90.2%) had improvement/resolution; in 4 (9.8%), adverse effects persisted. The overall rejection rate was 30%. Sixty-two patients (88.6%) are alive with functioning grafts 686 +/- 362 days (range, 154-1433 days) after conversion. When ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTC CB 3717 ENTCEND  activity has been seen in breast cancer, ENTD ovarian cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTC CB 3717 ENTCEND ENTD cytotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC CB 3717 ENTCEND  activity has been seen in ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTC CB 3717 ENTCEND  activity has been seen in breast cancer, ovarian cancer, hepatoma, and ENTD mesothelioma ENTDEND
1	ENTC CB 3717 ENTCEND administered with alkaline diuresis is under way. Preliminary results at 400 and 500 mg/m2 suggest that a reduction in ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC CB 3717 ENTCEND  activity has been seen in breast cancer, ovarian cancer, ENTD hepatoma ENTDEND
1	ENTC CB 3717 ENTCEND  activity has been seen in breast cancer, ovarian cancer, hepatoma, and mesothelioma. Toxicities included ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC CB 3717 ENTCEND  activity has been seen in breast cancer, ovarian cancer, hepatoma, and mesothelioma. Toxicities included hepatotoxicity, ENTD malaise ENTDEND
0	ENTD visual disturbances ENTDEND  in schizophrenic patients with a past history of ENTC LSD ENTCEND
1	ENTC risperidone ENTCEND  This imagery resembled ENTD visual disturbances ENTDEND
0	ENTC LSD ENTCEND abuse and who had previously developed ENTD EPS ENTDEND
0	ENTD EPS ENTDEND with classic antipsychotics, were successfully treated with ENTC risperidone ENTCEND
0	ENTC LSD ENTCEND  abuse.Two ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND
0	ENTC Risperidone ENTCEND -associated, benign transient visual disturbances in ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperthyroidism ENTDEND treated with propylthiouracil in whom a syndrome of pericarditis, fever, and glomerulonephritis developed. Serologic testing and immunologic studies were done, and a pericardial biopsy was performed. RESULTS: A 25-year-old woman with Graves' disease had a febrile illness and evidence of pericarditis, which was confirmed by biopsy. Serologic evaluation revealed the presence of perinuclear-staining antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibodies (pANCA) against myeloperoxidase (MPO). Propylthiouracil therapy was withdrawn, and she was treated with a 1-month course of ENTC prednisone ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperthyroidism ENTDEND treated with ENTC propylthiouracil ENTCEND
0	ENTD febrile illness ENTDEND and evidence of pericarditis, which was confirmed by biopsy. Serologic evaluation revealed the presence of perinuclear-staining antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibodies (pANCA) against myeloperoxidase (MPO). Propylthiouracil therapy was withdrawn, and she was treated with a 1-month course of ENTC prednisone ENTCEND
1	ENTC propylthiouracil ENTCEND in whom a syndrome of pericarditis, ENTD fever ENTDEND
0	ENTD Graves' disease ENTDEND had a febrile illness and evidence of pericarditis, which was confirmed by biopsy. Serologic evaluation revealed the presence of perinuclear-staining antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibodies (pANCA) against myeloperoxidase (MPO). Propylthiouracil therapy was withdrawn, and she was treated with a 1-month course of ENTC prednisone ENTCEND
0	ENTC propylthiouracil ENTCEND in whom a syndrome of pericarditis, fever, and glomerulonephritis developed. Serologic testing and immunologic studies were done, and a pericardial biopsy was performed. RESULTS: A 25-year-old woman with ENTD Graves' disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC prednisone ENTCEND  which alleviated her symptoms. A literature review revealed no prior reports of pericarditis in anti-MPO pANCA-positive ENTD vasculitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC propylthiouracil ENTCEND induced ENTD vasculitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC prednisone ENTCEND  which alleviated her symptoms. A literature review revealed no prior reports of ENTD pericarditis ENTDEND
1	ENTC propylthiouracil ENTCEND in whom a syndrome of ENTD pericarditis ENTDEND
0	ENTD glomerulonephritis ENTDEND developed. Serologic testing and immunologic studies were done, and a pericardial biopsy was performed. RESULTS: A 25-year-old woman with Graves' disease had a febrile illness and evidence of pericarditis, which was confirmed by biopsy. Serologic evaluation revealed the presence of perinuclear-staining antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibodies (pANCA) against myeloperoxidase (MPO). Propylthiouracil therapy was withdrawn, and she was treated with a 1-month course of ENTC prednisone ENTCEND
1	ENTC propylthiouracil ENTCEND in whom a syndrome of pericarditis, fever, and ENTD glomerulonephritis ENTDEND
1	ENTD apnea ENTDEND  after ENTC succinylcholine ENTCEND
1	ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND can cause chronic ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND levels. Group II also showed a significant decrease of chronic ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC urea nitrogen ENTCEND and serum creatinine levels. Group II also showed a significant decrease of chronic ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC azathioprine ENTCEND  which was used for the first postoperative week. Group II showed a better perioperative renal function as determined by serum blood urea nitrogen and serum creatinine levels. Group II also showed a significant decrease of chronic ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC nucleosides ENTCEND  during incomplete ENTD cerebral ischemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC malondialdehyde ENTCEND , oxypurines, and nucleosides during incomplete ENTD cerebral ischemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND drug nitroprusside at a flow rate of 103 microliters/min intravenously during ischemia, although in this latter group malondialdehyde was significantly higher. The present data indicate that the determination of malondialdehyde, oxypurines, and ENTC nucleosides ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND drug ENTC nitroprusside ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND drug nitroprusside at a flow rate of 103 microliters/min intravenously during ischemia, although in this latter group ENTC malondialdehyde ENTCEND
0	ENTC acetylsalicylate ENTCEND intravenously immediately before ischemia, the other receiving 650 micrograms/kg b.w. of the ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND
0	ENTC nucleosides ENTCEND  During ENTD ischemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC nitroprusside ENTCEND at a flow rate of 103 microliters/min intravenously during ENTD ischemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD ischemia ENTDEND  although in this latter group ENTC malondialdehyde ENTCEND
0	ENTC acetylsalicylate ENTCEND intravenously immediately before ENTD ischemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND and its metabolites were decreased in the striatum of substantia nigra lesioned rats. Lesions of the substantia nigra are therefore associated with ENTD erectile dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTD Erectile dysfunction ENTDEND  occurs following substantia nigra lesions in the rat.Erectile function was assessed 6 weeks following uni- and bilateral injections of 6-hydroxydopamine in the substantia nigra nucleus of the brain. Behavioral ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND
1	ENTD Erectile dysfunction ENTDEND  occurs following substantia nigra lesions in the rat.Erectile function was assessed 6 weeks following uni- and bilateral injections of ENTC 6-hydroxydopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND and its metabolites were decreased in the striatum of substantia nigra lesioned rats. Lesions of the substantia nigra are therefore associated with erectile dysfunction in rats and may serve as a model to study erectile dysfunction in ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND induced penile erections were reduced (5/8) and increased (3/8) in uni- and bilateral lesioned animals. Intracavernous pressures, following electrical stimulation of the cavernous nerve, decreased in lesioned animals. Lesions of the substantia nigra were confirmed by histology. Concentration of dopamine and its metabolites were decreased in the striatum of substantia nigra lesioned rats. Lesions of the substantia nigra are therefore associated with erectile dysfunction in rats and may serve as a model to study erectile dysfunction in ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC 6-hydroxydopamine ENTCEND in the substantia nigra nucleus of the brain. Behavioral apomorphine-induced penile erections were reduced (5/8) and increased (3/8) in uni- and bilateral lesioned animals. Intracavernous pressures, following electrical stimulation of the cavernous nerve, decreased in lesioned animals. Lesions of the substantia nigra were confirmed by histology. Concentration of dopamine and its metabolites were decreased in the striatum of substantia nigra lesioned rats. Lesions of the substantia nigra are therefore associated with erectile dysfunction in rats and may serve as a model to study erectile dysfunction in ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
1	ENTC hepatitis B surface antigen ENTCEND positive mothers also received ENTD hepatitis B ENTDEND
0	ENTC hepatitis B surface antigen ENTCEND positive mothers, ENTD rubella ENTDEND
0	ENTC glycerin ENTCEND for 6 days after the injection. Although the intraocular pressure elevation caused by secondary acute angle-closure glaucoma decreased and ENTD ocular pain ENTDEND
1	ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND for recurrent glioblastomas in his left temporal lobe. He complained of ENTD pain and visual disturbance in the ipsilateral eye ENTDEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND  whose ocular and orbital toxicity are well known. However, we experienced a case of severe ocular and orbital toxicity after intracarotid injection of carboplatin, which is infrequently reported. CASE: A 58-year-old man received an intracarotid injection of carboplatin for recurrent glioblastomas in his left temporal lobe. He complained of ENTD pain and visual disturbance in the ipsilateral eye ENTDEND
0	ENTC glycerin ENTCEND for 6 days after the injection. Although the intraocular pressure elevation caused by secondary acute angle-closure glaucoma decreased and ocular pain diminished, inexorable ENTD papilledema ENTDEND
1	ENTD papilledema ENTDEND and exudative retinal detachment continued for 3 weeks. Finally, 6 weeks later, diffuse chorioretinal atrophy with optic atrophy occurred and the vision in his left eye was lost. CONCLUSION: When performing intracarotid injection of ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND were seen. RESULTS: He was treated with intravenous administration of corticosteroids and ENTC glycerin ENTCEND
0	ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND  whose ocular and orbital toxicity are well known. However, we experienced a case of severe ocular and orbital toxicity after intracarotid injection of carboplatin, which is infrequently reported. CASE: A 58-year-old man received an intracarotid injection of carboplatin for recurrent glioblastomas in his left temporal lobe. He complained of pain and visual disturbance in the ipsilateral eye 30 h after the injection. Various ocular symptoms and findings caused by carboplatin ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC glycerin ENTCEND for 6 days after the injection. Although the intraocular pressure elevation caused by secondary acute angle-closure ENTD glaucoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND toxicity were seen. RESULTS: He was treated with intravenous administration of corticosteroids and glycerin for 6 days after the injection. Although the intraocular pressure elevation caused by secondary acute angle-closure ENTD glaucoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND  for recurrent glioblastomas.BACKGROUND: Glioblastoma is a ENTD malignant tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTD malignant tumor ENTDEND that occurs in the cerebrum during adulthood. With current treatment regimens including combined surgery, radiation and chemotherapy, the average life expectancy of the patients is limited to approximately 1 year. Therefore, patients with glioblastoma sometimes have intracarotid injection of carcinostatics added to the treatment regimen. Generally, carboplatin is said to have milder side effects than ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD ocular and orbital toxicity ENTDEND after intracarotid injection of carboplatin, which is infrequently reported. CASE: A 58-year-old man received an intracarotid injection of carboplatin for recurrent glioblastomas in his left temporal lobe. He complained of pain and visual disturbance in the ipsilateral eye 30 h after the injection. Various ocular symptoms and findings caused by carboplatin toxicity were seen. RESULTS: He was treated with intravenous administration of corticosteroids and ENTC glycerin ENTCEND
0	ENTD ocular and orbital toxicity ENTDEND  after intracarotid injection of ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND  whose ENTD ocular and orbital toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD glioblastomas ENTDEND in his left temporal lobe. He complained of pain and visual disturbance in the ipsilateral eye 30 h after the injection. Various ocular symptoms and findings caused by carboplatin toxicity were seen. RESULTS: He was treated with intravenous administration of corticosteroids and ENTC glycerin ENTCEND
0	ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND  for recurrent ENTD glioblastomas ENTDEND
0	ENTD glioblastoma ENTDEND sometimes have intracarotid injection of carcinostatics added to the treatment regimen. Generally, carboplatin is said to have milder side effects than ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC glycerin ENTCEND for 6 days after the injection. Although the intraocular pressure elevation caused by secondary acute angle-closure glaucoma decreased and ocular pain diminished, inexorable papilledema and exudative retinal detachment continued for 3 weeks. Finally, 6 weeks later, diffuse ENTD chorioretinal atrophy ENTDEND
0	ENTD chorioretinal atrophy ENTDEND with optic atrophy occurred and the vision in his left eye was lost. CONCLUSION: When performing intracarotid injection of ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain and visual disturbance in the ipsilateral eye ENTDEND 30 h after the injection. Various ocular symptoms and findings caused by carboplatin toxicity were seen. RESULTS: He was treated with intravenous administration of corticosteroids and ENTC glycerin ENTCEND
1	ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND for recurrent glioblastomas in his left temporal lobe. He complained of ENTD pain and visual disturbance in the ipsilateral eye ENTDEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND  whose ocular and orbital toxicity are well known. However, we experienced a case of severe ocular and orbital toxicity after intracarotid injection of carboplatin, which is infrequently reported. CASE: A 58-year-old man received an intracarotid injection of carboplatin for recurrent glioblastomas in his left temporal lobe. He complained of ENTD pain and visual disturbance in the ipsilateral eye ENTDEND
0	ENTC glycerin ENTCEND for 6 days after the injection. Although the intraocular pressure elevation caused by secondary acute angle-closure glaucoma decreased and ocular pain diminished, inexorable papilledema and exudative ENTD retinal detachment ENTDEND
1	ENTD retinal detachment ENTDEND continued for 3 weeks. Finally, 6 weeks later, diffuse chorioretinal atrophy with optic atrophy occurred and the vision in his left eye was lost. CONCLUSION: When performing intracarotid injection of ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC glycerin ENTCEND for 6 days after the injection. Although the intraocular pressure elevation caused by secondary acute angle-closure glaucoma decreased and ocular pain diminished, inexorable papilledema and exudative retinal detachment continued for 3 weeks. Finally, 6 weeks later, diffuse chorioretinal atrophy with ENTD optic atrophy ENTDEND
1	ENTD optic atrophy ENTDEND occurred and the vision in his left eye was lost. CONCLUSION: When performing intracarotid injection of ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD ocular and orbital toxicity ENTDEND after intracarotid injection of carboplatin, which is infrequently reported. CASE: A 58-year-old man received an intracarotid injection of carboplatin for recurrent glioblastomas in his left temporal lobe. He complained of pain and visual disturbance in the ipsilateral eye 30 h after the injection. Various ocular symptoms and findings caused by carboplatin toxicity were seen. RESULTS: He was treated with intravenous administration of corticosteroids and ENTC glycerin ENTCEND
1	ENTD ocular and orbital toxicity ENTDEND  after intracarotid injection of ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND  whose ENTD ocular and orbital toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD glomerulonephritis ENTDEND in a patient treated with rifampin who had no other identifiable causes for developing this disease. This patient underwent a 10-month regimen of rifampin and ENTC isoniazid ENTCEND
1	ENTD glomerulonephritis ENTDEND in a patient treated with ENTC rifampin ENTCEND
0	ENTC isoniazid ENTCEND for ENTD pulmonary tuberculosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC rifampin ENTCEND  therapy for ENTD pulmonary tuberculosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC isoniazid ENTCEND for pulmonary tuberculosis and was discovered to have developed signs of severe ENTD renal failure ENTDEND
1	ENTC rifampin ENTCEND and isoniazid for pulmonary tuberculosis and was discovered to have developed signs of severe ENTD renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC nitrazepam ENTCEND the evening before surgery), the sleep-inducing effect of midazolam 0.15 mg/kg i.v. was clearly slower in onset than that of thiopentone 4.67 mg/kg i.v. Somewhat fewer cardiovascular and local sequelae were found in the midazolam group, but, although ENTD apnoea ENTDEND
1	ENTC midazolam ENTCEND group, but, although ENTD apnoea ENTDEND
1	ENTD apnoea ENTDEND occurred less often in the midazolam group it lasted longer. On the whole, the differences between midazolam and ENTC thiopentone ENTCEND
0	ENTC morphine ENTCEND (+5 mg nitrazepam the evening before surgery), the sleep-inducing effect of midazolam 0.15 mg/kg i.v. was clearly slower in onset than that of thiopentone 4.67 mg/kg i.v. Somewhat fewer cardiovascular and local sequelae were found in the midazolam group, but, although ENTD apnoea ENTDEND
0	ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND + morphine (+5 mg nitrazepam the evening before surgery), the sleep-inducing effect of midazolam 0.15 mg/kg i.v. was clearly slower in onset than that of thiopentone 4.67 mg/kg i.v. Somewhat fewer cardiovascular and local sequelae were found in the midazolam group, but, although ENTD apnoea ENTDEND
0	ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND treatment of the ENTD adenoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND on ENTD prolactinoma ENTDEND
1	ENTC estrogen ENTCEND -induced rat ENTD prolactinomas ENTDEND
0	ENTD abnormal liver function ENTDEND tests. In four patients HBV DNA levels were higher than normal at baseline. Two of these normalized and the others increased later. In three additional patients, HBV DNA levels were increased during follow-up. None of the patients had significant clinical sings of HBV activation. ENTC Lamivudine ENTCEND
0	ENTC HBs Ag ENTCEND positive patients with rheumatologic diseases, who were on both immunosuppressive and prophylactic lamivudine therapies, were retrospectively assessed. Liver function tests, hepatitis B virus (HBV) serologic markers, and HBV DNA levels of the patients during follow-up were obtained from hospital file records. Eleven patients (six male) with median age 47 years (range 27-73), median disease duration 50 months (range 9-178) and median follow-up period of patients 13.8 months (range 5-27) were enrolled in this study. Lamivudine therapy was started 3-7 days prior to immunosuppressive therapy in all patients. Baseline, liver function tests were elevated in two patients (fourth patient: ALT:122 IU/l, AST:111 IU/l, tenth patient:ALT:294 IU/l, AST:274 IU/l, with minimal changes in the liver biopsy in both). Shortly after treatment their tests normalized and during follow-up period none of the patients had ENTD abnormal liver function ENTDEND
0	ENTC lamivudine ENTCEND  with chronic immunosuppressive therapy for ENTD rheumatologic disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTC HBs Ag ENTCEND  positive patients with ENTD rheumatologic disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC lamivudine ENTCEND therapies, were retrospectively assessed. Liver function tests, ENTD hepatitis B ENTDEND
1	ENTC HBs Ag ENTCEND positive patients with rheumatologic diseases, who were on both immunosuppressive and prophylactic lamivudine therapies, were retrospectively assessed. Liver function tests, ENTD hepatitis B ENTDEND
0	ENTD focal segmental glomerulosclerosis ENTDEND (4 biopsies) and the striped form of interstitial fibrosis (11 biopsies). The serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
1	ENTD focal segmental glomerulosclerosis ENTDEND (4 biopsies) and the striped form of interstitial fibrosis (11 biopsies). The serum creatinine levels of patients in the mild-type chronic ENTC FK506 ENTCEND
0	ENTD IgA nephropathy ENTDEND (n =5), normal findings (n =2), minimal-type chronic FK506 nephropathy (n = 9), and mild-type FK506 nephropathy (n = 11). Of the nonepisode biopsies, 7 and 4 biopsies showed minimal-type and mild-type chronic FK506 nephropathy, respectively. Chronic FK506 nephropathy consisted of rough and foamy tubular vacuolization (5 biopsies), arteriolopathy (angiodegeneration of the arteriolar wall; 20 biopsies), focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (4 biopsies) and the striped form of interstitial fibrosis (11 biopsies). The serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD IgA nephropathy ENTDEND (n =5), normal findings (n =2), minimal-type chronic ENTC FK506 ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND levels of patients in the mild-type chronic FK506 ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC FK506 ENTCEND ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD interstitial fibrosis ENTDEND (11 biopsies). The serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD interstitial fibrosis ENTDEND (11 biopsies). The serum creatinine levels of patients in the mild-type chronic ENTC FK506 ENTCEND
1	ENTC suprofen ENTCEND causes ENTD acute declines in renal function ENTDEND
0	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND in greater than 100 subjects, the mechanism of damage remains unclear. The direct nephrotoxic effects of a single dose of 15 mg of suprofen were compared in the recirculating isolated rat kidney perfused with cell-free buffer with or without the addition of 5 mg/dL of uric acid. There were no significant differences in renal sodium excretion, ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute declines in renal function ENTDEND  most likely by directly altering the intrarenal distribution of ENTC uric acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND in greater than 100 subjects, the mechanism of damage remains unclear. The direct nephrotoxic effects of a single dose of 15 mg of suprofen were compared in the recirculating isolated rat kidney perfused with cell-free buffer with or without the addition of 5 mg/dL of uric acid. There were no significant differences in renal ENTC sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND effects of a single dose of 15 mg of ENTC suprofen ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND effects of a single dose of 15 mg of suprofen were compared in the recirculating isolated rat kidney perfused with cell-free buffer with or without the addition of 5 mg/dL of uric acid. There were no significant differences in renal sodium excretion, ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND effects of a single dose of 15 mg of suprofen were compared in the recirculating isolated rat kidney perfused with cell-free buffer with or without the addition of 5 mg/dL of ENTC uric acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND effects of a single dose of 15 mg of suprofen were compared in the recirculating isolated rat kidney perfused with cell-free buffer with or without the addition of 5 mg/dL of uric acid. There were no significant differences in renal ENTC sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTC DEN ENTCEND + PB treated rats, the survival was prolonged and the ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC PB ENTCEND treated rats, the survival was prolonged and the ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTD carcinogenesis ENTDEND when administered after the ENTC DEN ENTCEND
0	ENTD carcinogenic ENTDEND  action of ENTC phenobarbital ENTCEND
1	ENTD preneoplastic foci ENTDEND was significantly reduced when PB was given simultaneously with ENTC DEN ENTCEND
0	ENTD preneoplastic foci ENTDEND was significantly reduced when ENTC PB ENTCEND
0	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND -induced dyskinesias in ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
1	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND -induced ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND
0	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND -induced dyskinesias in Parkinson's disease.In a placebo-controlled, single-blinded, crossover study, we assessed the effect of "real" repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) versus "sham" rTMS (placebo) on peak dose dyskinesias in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD). Ten patients with PD and prominent dyskinesias had rTMS (1,800 pulses; 1 Hz rate) delivered over the motor cortex for 4 consecutive days twice, once real stimuli and once sham stimulation were used; evaluations were done at the baseline and 1 day after the end of each of the treatment series. Direct comparison between sham and real rTMS effects showed no significant difference in clinician-assessed dyskinesia severity. However, comparison with the baseline showed small but significant reduction in dyskinesia severity following real rTMS but not placebo. The major effect was on ENTD dystonia ENTDEND
1	ENTC didanosine ENTCEND were common. The most common side-effect was diarrhoea, which resulted in cessation of therapy in 19 individuals. Peripheral neuropathy occurred in 12 patients and ENTD pancreatitis ENTDEND
1	ENTD glucose tolerance curves ENTDEND characteristic of diabetes but these were mild, did not require treatment and returned to normal on ceasing ENTC didanosine ENTCEND
0	ENTC ddI ENTCEND ) in ENTD HIV antibody-positive ENTDEND
0	ENTD HIV antibody-positive ENTDEND  individuals intolerant to ENTC zidovudine ENTCEND
1	ENTC didanosine ENTCEND were common. The most common side-effect was diarrhoea, which resulted in cessation of therapy in 19 individuals. ENTD Peripheral neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  of ENTC didanosine ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  of didanosine (ddI) in HIV antibody-positive individuals intolerant to ENTC zidovudine ENTCEND
0	ENTD abdominal pain ENTDEND  Seven patients developed glucose tolerance curves characteristic of diabetes but these were mild, did not require treatment and returned to normal on ceasing ENTC didanosine ENTCEND
0	ENTD diabetes ENTDEND but these were mild, did not require treatment and returned to normal on ceasing ENTC didanosine ENTCEND
0	ENTC ddI ENTCEND  to a maximum dose of 12.5 mg/kg/day. Patient response was assessed using changes in CD4+ lymphocyte subset count, HIV p24 antigen, weight, and quality of life. Seventy patients developed major ENTD opportunistic infections ENTDEND
0	ENTC AZT ENTCEND  received didanosine (ddI) to a maximum dose of 12.5 mg/kg/day. Patient response was assessed using changes in CD4+ lymphocyte subset count, HIV p24 antigen, weight, and quality of life. Seventy patients developed major ENTD opportunistic infections ENTDEND
1	ENTC didanosine ENTCEND were common. The most common side-effect was ENTD diarrhoea ENTDEND
0	ENTC ddI ENTCEND  to a maximum dose of 12.5 mg/kg/day. Patient response was assessed using changes in CD4+ lymphocyte subset count, HIV p24 antigen, weight, and quality of life. Seventy patients developed major opportunistic infections whilst on therapy; this was the first ENTD AIDS ENTDEND
0	ENTC AZT ENTCEND  received didanosine (ddI) to a maximum dose of 12.5 mg/kg/day. Patient response was assessed using changes in CD4+ lymphocyte subset count, HIV p24 antigen, weight, and quality of life. Seventy patients developed major opportunistic infections whilst on therapy; this was the first ENTD AIDS ENTDEND
1	ENTD hyponatremia ENTDEND  and renal failure. This is the first report of such an unusual reaction to ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND
1	ENTD renal failure ENTDEND .We report a patient in whom hypersensitivity to ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND
1	ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND  presenting with a ENTD leukemoid reaction ENTDEND
1	ENTD Hypersensitivity ENTDEND  to ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND
1	ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND presented with generalized ENTD erythroderma ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND  presenting with a leukemoid reaction, ENTD eosinophilia ENTDEND
1	ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND  with ENTC iodine-125-metaiodobenzylguanidine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND  with iodine-125-metaiodobenzylguanidine.Radiolabeled metaiodobenzylguanidine (MIBG), an analog of ENTC norepinephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND cardiomyopathy. The degree of ENTD vacuolar degeneration of myocardial cells ENTDEND
0	ENTD vacuolar degeneration ENTDEND  indicates that ENTC MIBG ENTCEND
0	ENTC NE ENTCEND , serves as an index of adrenergic neuron integrity and function. Using a rat model of adriamycin-induced cardiomyopathy, we tested the hypothesis that abnormal cardiac adrenergic neuron activity may appear and be exacerbated dose-dependently in adriamycin cardiomyopathy. The degree of ENTD vacuolar degeneration of myocardial cells ENTDEND
1	ENTC caffeine ENTCEND are enhanced in ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND
0	ENTC dextran ENTCEND before and during phenylephrine-induced acute ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND in rats treated with vehicle and ENTC Hoe-140 ENTCEND
1	ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND induced acute ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND is not related to the synthesis/release of ENTC bradykinin ENTCEND
1	ENTC Fucoidan ENTCEND treated rats exhibited evidence of ENTD impaired blood clotting ENTDEND
0	ENTC Fucoidan ENTCEND treated rats exhibited evidence of impaired blood clotting and hemodilution, had larger hematomas, and tended to have less inflammation in the vicinity of the hematoma after three days. They showed significantly more rapid improvement of motor function in the first week following hemorrhage and better memory retention in the passive avoidance test. Acute white matter edema and eventual ENTD neuronal loss ENTDEND
0	ENTD inflammation ENTDEND than ischemic stroke. We tested the sulfated polysaccharide ENTC fucoidan ENTCEND
0	ENTC fucoidan ENTCEND (30 micrograms h-1) or vehicle. The ENTD hematoma ENTDEND
1	ENTC Fucoidan ENTCEND treated rats exhibited evidence of impaired blood clotting and hemodilution, had larger hematomas, and tended to have less inflammation in the vicinity of the hematoma after three days. They showed significantly more rapid improvement of motor function in the first week following hemorrhage and better memory retention in the passive avoidance test. Acute ENTD white matter edema ENTDEND
0	ENTD ischemic stroke ENTDEND  We tested the sulfated polysaccharide ENTC fucoidan ENTCEND
0	ENTC fucoidan ENTCEND  which has been reported to reduce inflammatory ENTD brain damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC Fucoidan ENTCEND treated rats exhibited evidence of impaired blood clotting and hemodilution, had larger hematomas, and tended to have less inflammation in the vicinity of the hematoma after three days. They showed significantly more rapid improvement of motor function in the first week following ENTD hemorrhage ENTDEND
0	ENTC fucoidan ENTCEND  treatment on collagenase-induced ENTD intracerebral hemorrhage ENTDEND
0	ENTD Cancer ENTDEND Register, all subjects in this cohort diagnosed with bladder cancer were identified. Nested within the cohort, a matched case-control study was performed to estimate the association between ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND  in patients with ENTD Wegener's granulomatosis ENTDEND
1	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND and ENTD bladder cancer ENTDEND
1	ENTC amphotericin B ENTCEND ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND potential of amphotericin B (5 mg/kg per day intraperitoneally for 3 weeks) has been investigated in salt-depleted, normal-salt, and salt-loaded rats. In salt-depleted rats, amphotericin B decreased ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Sodium ENTCEND  status influences chronic amphotericin B ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND  Electrophysiologic and hemodynamic effects of ENTC flestolol ENTCEND
1	ENTC isoproterenol ENTCEND induced ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD chest pain ENTDEND  It is concluded that ENTC flestolol ENTCEND
0	ENTC isoproterenol ENTCEND induced tachycardia. Electrophysiologic and hemodynamic effects of flestolol are similar to those of other beta blockers. In contrast with other beta blockers, flestolol-induced effects reverse rapidly (within 30 minutes) following discontinuation because of its short half-life. Flestolol effectively reduced heart rate in patients with supraventricular tachyarrhythmia. In patients with unstable angina, flestolol infusion was found to be safe and effective in controlling ENTD chest pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD supraventricular tachyarrhythmia ENTDEND  In patients with unstable angina, ENTC flestolol ENTCEND
0	ENTC isoproterenol ENTCEND induced tachycardia. Electrophysiologic and hemodynamic effects of flestolol are similar to those of other beta blockers. In contrast with other beta blockers, flestolol-induced effects reverse rapidly (within 30 minutes) following discontinuation because of its short half-life. Flestolol effectively reduced heart rate in patients with ENTD supraventricular tachyarrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTD unstable angina ENTDEND  ENTC flestolol ENTCEND
0	ENTC isoproterenol ENTCEND induced tachycardia. Electrophysiologic and hemodynamic effects of flestolol are similar to those of other beta blockers. In contrast with other beta blockers, flestolol-induced effects reverse rapidly (within 30 minutes) following discontinuation because of its short half-life. Flestolol effectively reduced heart rate in patients with supraventricular tachyarrhythmia. In patients with ENTD unstable angina ENTDEND
0	ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND based chemotherapy in the same patient. Atrial fibrillation or other ENTD cardiac arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND based chemotherapy in the same patient. Atrial fibrillation or other cardiac arrhythmias are unusual complications in patients treated with chemotherapy. The ENTD cardiac toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD myotonic dystrophy ENTDEND  the most common form of adult muscular dystrophy, and sudden atrial fibrillation following one cycle of ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
1	ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND following one cycle of ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD muscular dystrophy ENTDEND  and sudden atrial fibrillation following one cycle of ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD gastric lymphoma ENTDEND and myotonic dystrophy, the most common form of adult muscular dystrophy, and sudden atrial fibrillation following one cycle of ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected ENTDEND patients with CD4+ cell counts < 500/mm3 were randomized to receive either ZDV (500 mg daily) alone (group I, n = 38) or in combination with folinic acid (15 mg daily) and intramascular vitamin B12 (1000 micrograms monthly) (group II, n = 37). Finally, 15 patients were excluded from the study (noncompliance 14, death 1); thus, 60 patients (31 in group I and 29 in group II) were eligible for analysis. No significant differences between groups were found at enrollment. During the study, vitamin B12 and ENTC folate ENTCEND
0	ENTC vitamin B12 ENTCEND and folinic acid supplementation in preventing zidovudine (ZDV)-induced bone marrow suppression. Seventy-five ENTD human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected ENTDEND
0	ENTC ZDV ENTCEND -induced bone marrow suppression. Seventy-five ENTD human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected ENTDEND
0	ENTC folinic acid ENTCEND supplementation in preventing zidovudine (ZDV)-induced bone marrow suppression. Seventy-five ENTD human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected ENTDEND
0	ENTC folate ENTCEND levels and development of ENTD myelosuppression ENTDEND
0	ENTD myelosuppression ENTDEND  ENTC Vitamin B12 ENTCEND
1	ENTC ZDV ENTCEND induced ENTD myelotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD myelosuppression ENTDEND  Vitamin B12 and ENTC folinic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND (neutrophil count < 1000/mm3 and/or hemoglobin < 8 g/dl) occurred in 4 patients assigned to group I and 7 assigned to group II. There was no correlation between vitamin B12 or ENTC folate ENTCEND
0	ENTC vitamin B12 ENTCEND  and folinic acid supplementation in preventing hematologic ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  of ENTC zidovudine ENTCEND
0	ENTC folinic acid ENTCEND  supplementation in preventing hematologic ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD death ENTDEND 1); thus, 60 patients (31 in group I and 29 in group II) were eligible for analysis. No significant differences between groups were found at enrollment. During the study, vitamin B12 and ENTC folate ENTCEND
0	ENTC vitamin B12 ENTCEND (1000 micrograms monthly) (group II, n = 37). Finally, 15 patients were excluded from the study (noncompliance 14, ENTD death ENTDEND
0	ENTC ZDV ENTCEND (500 mg daily) alone (group I, n = 38) or in combination with folinic acid (15 mg daily) and intramascular vitamin B12 (1000 micrograms monthly) (group II, n = 37). Finally, 15 patients were excluded from the study (noncompliance 14, ENTD death ENTDEND
0	ENTC folinic acid ENTCEND (15 mg daily) and intramascular vitamin B12 (1000 micrograms monthly) (group II, n = 37). Finally, 15 patients were excluded from the study (noncompliance 14, ENTD death ENTDEND
1	ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND and four times as toxic as chloroprocaine. ENTD Convulsions ENTDEND
1	ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
1	ENTC chloroprocaine ENTCEND  ENTD Convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND and four times as toxic as chloroprocaine. Convulsions always preceded death, except after precipitous ENTD cardiopulmonary arrest ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiopulmonary arrest ENTDEND from extreme doses. A CD50 dose of local anesthetic (causing convulsions in 50% of mice) was fatal in 90% of ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC chloroprocaine ENTCEND  Convulsions always preceded death, except after precipitous ENTD cardiopulmonary arrest ENTDEND
0	ENTD hiccups ENTDEND  Corticosteroids (dexamethasone and methylprednisolone), benzodiazepines ( ENTC midazolam ENTCEND
0	ENTD hiccups ENTDEND  Corticosteroids ( ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND
0	ENTD hiccups ENTDEND  Corticosteroids (dexamethasone and methylprednisolone), ENTC benzodiazepines ENTCEND
0	ENTD hiccups ENTDEND  Corticosteroids (dexamethasone and ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
0	ENTD hiccups ENTDEND have been reported related to ENTC macrolide ENTCEND
1	ENTC baclofen ENTCEND finally resolved ENTD hiccups ENTDEND
1	ENTC azithromycin ENTCEND -associated ENTD hiccups ENTDEND
0	ENTD pharyngitis ENTDEND  Hiccups were persistent and exhausting. Discontinuation of azithromycin and therapy with baclofen finally resolved hiccups. No organic cause of hiccups was identified despite extensive investigation. DISCUSSION: Pharmacotherapeutic agents have been uncommonly associated with hiccups. Corticosteroids (dexamethasone and methylprednisolone), benzodiazepines ( ENTC midazolam ENTCEND
0	ENTD pharyngitis ENTDEND  Hiccups were persistent and exhausting. Discontinuation of azithromycin and therapy with baclofen finally resolved hiccups. No organic cause of hiccups was identified despite extensive investigation. DISCUSSION: Pharmacotherapeutic agents have been uncommonly associated with hiccups. Corticosteroids ( ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND
0	ENTD pharyngitis ENTDEND  Hiccups were persistent and exhausting. Discontinuation of azithromycin and therapy with baclofen finally resolved hiccups. No organic cause of hiccups was identified despite extensive investigation. DISCUSSION: Pharmacotherapeutic agents have been uncommonly associated with hiccups. Corticosteroids (dexamethasone and methylprednisolone), ENTC benzodiazepines ENTCEND
0	ENTD pharyngitis ENTDEND  Hiccups were persistent and exhausting. Discontinuation of azithromycin and therapy with baclofen finally resolved hiccups. No organic cause of hiccups was identified despite extensive investigation. DISCUSSION: Pharmacotherapeutic agents have been uncommonly associated with hiccups. Corticosteroids (dexamethasone and ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
0	ENTD pharyngitis ENTDEND  Hiccups were persistent and exhausting. Discontinuation of azithromycin and therapy with ENTC baclofen ENTCEND
0	ENTC azithromycin ENTCEND for the treatment of ENTD pharyngitis ENTDEND
1	ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND , and sparteine.A 47-year-old patient suffering from coronary artery disease was admitted to the CCU in shock with III. AV block, severe ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC propafenone ENTCEND , diltiazem, and sparteine.A 47-year-old patient suffering from coronary artery disease was admitted to the CCU in shock with III. AV block, severe ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC sparteine ENTCEND .A 47-year-old patient suffering from coronary artery disease was admitted to the CCU in shock with III. AV block, severe ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
1	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND  and impairment of ventricular function. One week prior to admission a therapy with standard doses of ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND
0	ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND  propafenone (since he had received this drug in the past), and sparteine (as a probe for the debrisoquine/sparteine type polymorphism of oxidative drug metabolism). It was found that he was a poor metabolizer of all four drugs, indicating that their metabolism is under the same genetic control. Therefore, patients belonging to the poor-metabolizer phenotype of sparteine/debrisoquine polymorphism in drug metabolism, which constitutes 6.4% of the German population, may experience ENTD adverse drug reactions ENTDEND
0	ENTC debrisoquine ENTCEND polymorphism in drug metabolism, which constitutes 6.4% of the German population, may experience ENTD adverse drug reactions ENTDEND
0	ENTC propafenone ENTCEND (since he had received this drug in the past), and sparteine (as a probe for the debrisoquine/sparteine type polymorphism of oxidative drug metabolism). It was found that he was a poor metabolizer of all four drugs, indicating that their metabolism is under the same genetic control. Therefore, patients belonging to the poor-metabolizer phenotype of sparteine/debrisoquine polymorphism in drug metabolism, which constitutes 6.4% of the German population, may experience ENTD adverse drug reactions ENTDEND
0	ENTC sparteine ENTCEND debrisoquine polymorphism in drug metabolism, which constitutes 6.4% of the German population, may experience ENTD adverse drug reactions ENTDEND
0	ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND  diltiazem, propafenone (since he had received this drug in the past), and sparteine (as a probe for the debrisoquine/sparteine type polymorphism of oxidative drug metabolism). It was found that he was a poor metabolizer of all four drugs, indicating that their metabolism is under the same genetic control. Therefore, patients belonging to the poor-metabolizer phenotype of sparteine/debrisoquine polymorphism in drug metabolism, which constitutes 6.4% of the German population, may experience ENTD adverse drug reactions ENTDEND
1	ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND , and sparteine.A 47-year-old patient suffering from coronary artery disease was admitted to the CCU in shock with III. ENTD AV block ENTDEND
0	ENTC propafenone ENTCEND , diltiazem, and sparteine.A 47-year-old patient suffering from coronary artery disease was admitted to the CCU in shock with III. ENTD AV block ENTDEND
0	ENTC sparteine ENTCEND .A 47-year-old patient suffering from coronary artery disease was admitted to the CCU in shock with III. ENTD AV block ENTDEND
1	ENTD AV block ENTDEND  severe hypotension, and impairment of ventricular function. One week prior to admission a therapy with standard doses of ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND
1	ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND , and sparteine.A 47-year-old patient suffering from coronary artery disease was admitted to the CCU in shock with III. AV block, severe hypotension, and ENTD impairment of ventricular function ENTDEND
0	ENTC propafenone ENTCEND , diltiazem, and sparteine.A 47-year-old patient suffering from coronary artery disease was admitted to the CCU in shock with III. AV block, severe hypotension, and ENTD impairment of ventricular function ENTDEND
0	ENTC sparteine ENTCEND .A 47-year-old patient suffering from coronary artery disease was admitted to the CCU in shock with III. AV block, severe hypotension, and ENTD impairment of ventricular function ENTDEND
1	ENTD impairment of ventricular function ENTDEND  One week prior to admission a therapy with standard doses of ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND
0	ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND , and sparteine.A 47-year-old patient suffering from ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC propafenone ENTCEND , diltiazem, and sparteine.A 47-year-old patient suffering from ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC sparteine ENTCEND .A 47-year-old patient suffering from ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND , propafenone, diltiazem, and sparteine.A 47-year-old patient suffering from ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND , and sparteine.A 47-year-old patient suffering from coronary artery disease was admitted to the CCU in ENTD shock ENTDEND
0	ENTC propafenone ENTCEND , diltiazem, and sparteine.A 47-year-old patient suffering from coronary artery disease was admitted to the CCU in ENTD shock ENTDEND
0	ENTC sparteine ENTCEND .A 47-year-old patient suffering from coronary artery disease was admitted to the CCU in ENTD shock ENTDEND
0	ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND , propafenone, diltiazem, and sparteine.A 47-year-old patient suffering from coronary artery disease was admitted to the CCU in ENTD shock ENTDEND
1	ENTD acute renal failure and hepatic failure ENTDEND following ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND
1	ENTD acute renal failure and hepatic failure ENTDEND following ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND
1	ENTC Paracetamol ENTCEND -associated coma, ENTD metabolic acidosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC Paracetamol ENTCEND -associated ENTD coma ENTDEND
0	ENTC Paracetamol ENTCEND -associated coma, metabolic acidosis, ENTD renal and hepatic failure ENTDEND
1	ENTD TNSs ENTDEND  1 of 30 patients receiving ENTC prilocaine ENTCEND
1	ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND experienced ENTD TNSs ENTDEND
0	ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND had ENTD TNSs ENTDEND
0	ENTD TNSs ENTDEND  METHODS: Ninety patients classified as American Society of Anesthesiologists physical status I or II who were scheduled for short gynecologic procedures under spinal anesthesia were randomly allocated to receive 2.5 ml 2% lidocaine in 7.5% ENTC glucose ENTCEND
0	ENTD PD ENTDEND  Here, we show that oral (5 mg/kg) or intrastriatal administration (0.1 and 0.5 nmol) of AMN082 reverses ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND
0	ENTD PD ENTDEND patients, 5 mg/kg ENTC AMN082 ENTCEND
0	ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND .Metabotropic ENTC glutamate ENTCEND
0	ENTD PD ENTDEND  Overall these findings suggest that mGlu7 receptor activation can reverse motor dysfunction associated with reduced ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC 6-OHDA ENTCEND -lesioned rats. In a more complex task commonly used to evaluate major akinetic symptoms of ENTD PD ENTDEND
0	ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND induced rotations in unilateral 6-hydroxydopamine (6-OHDA)-lesioned rats. In a more complex task commonly used to evaluate major akinetic symptoms of ENTD PD ENTDEND
0	ENTD akinetic ENTDEND symptoms of PD patients, 5 mg/kg AMN082 reverses the increased reaction time to respond to a cue of bilateral 6-OHDA-lesioned rats. In addition, AMN082 reduces the duration of ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND
0	ENTD akinetic ENTDEND symptoms of PD patients, 5 mg/kg ENTC AMN082 ENTCEND
0	ENTC glutamate ENTCEND (mGlu) receptors modulate synaptic transmission in the central nervous system and represent promising therapeutic targets for symptomatic treatment of Parkinson's disease (PD). Among the eight mGlu receptor subtypes, mGlu7 receptor is prominently expressed in the basal ganglia, but its role in restoring motor function in animal models of PD is not known. The effects of N,N'-dibenzhydrylethane-1,2-diamine dihydrochloride (AMN082), the first selective allosteric activator of mGlu7 receptors, were thus tested in different rodent models of PD. Here, we show that oral (5 mg/kg) or intrastriatal administration (0.1 and 0.5 nmol) of AMN082 reverses haloperidol-induced catalepsy in rats. AMN082 (2.5 and 5 mg/kg) reduces apomorphine-induced rotations in unilateral 6-hydroxydopamine (6-OHDA)-lesioned rats. In a more complex task commonly used to evaluate major ENTD akinetic ENTDEND
0	ENTD akinetic ENTDEND symptoms of PD patients, 5 mg/kg AMN082 reverses the increased reaction time to respond to a cue of bilateral 6-OHDA-lesioned rats. In addition, AMN082 reduces the duration of haloperidol-induced catalepsy in a mGlu7 receptor-dependent manner in wild-type but not mGlu7 receptor knockout mice. Higher doses of AMN082 (10 and 20 mg/kg p.o.) have no effect on the same models of PD. Overall these findings suggest that mGlu7 receptor activation can reverse motor dysfunction associated with reduced ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC 6-OHDA ENTCEND -lesioned rats. In a more complex task commonly used to evaluate major ENTD akinetic ENTDEND
0	ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND induced rotations in unilateral 6-hydroxydopamine (6-OHDA)-lesioned rats. In a more complex task commonly used to evaluate major ENTD akinetic ENTDEND
1	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND in rats. ENTC AMN082 ENTCEND
0	ENTC glutamate ENTCEND (mGlu) receptors modulate synaptic transmission in the central nervous system and represent promising therapeutic targets for symptomatic treatment of Parkinson's disease (PD). Among the eight mGlu receptor subtypes, mGlu7 receptor is prominently expressed in the basal ganglia, but its role in restoring motor function in animal models of PD is not known. The effects of N,N'-dibenzhydrylethane-1,2-diamine dihydrochloride (AMN082), the first selective allosteric activator of mGlu7 receptors, were thus tested in different rodent models of PD. Here, we show that oral (5 mg/kg) or intrastriatal administration (0.1 and 0.5 nmol) of AMN082 reverses haloperidol-induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND in a mGlu7 receptor-dependent manner in wild-type but not mGlu7 receptor knockout mice. Higher doses of AMN082 (10 and 20 mg/kg p.o.) have no effect on the same models of PD. Overall these findings suggest that mGlu7 receptor activation can reverse motor dysfunction associated with reduced ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC 6-OHDA ENTCEND lesioned rats. In addition, AMN082 reduces the duration of haloperidol-induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND in rats. AMN082 (2.5 and 5 mg/kg) reduces ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND
0	ENTD tic-like symptoms ENTDEND  including motor and phonic variants, occurring during treatment with quetiapine or ENTC clozapine ENTCEND
0	ENTD tic-like symptoms ENTDEND  including motor and phonic variants, occurring during treatment with ENTC quetiapine ENTCEND
0	ENTC olanzapine ENTCEND and ziprasidone. However, there are two case reports that show ENTD tic-like symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTD Tic disorders ENTDEND can be effectively treated by atypical antipsychotics such as ENTC risperidone ENTCEND
0	ENTC ziprasidone ENTCEND  However, there are two case reports that show ENTD tic-like symptoms ENTDEND
1	ENTC Amisulpride ENTCEND  related ENTD tic-like symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTC clozapine ENTCEND  We present a 15-year-old girl schizophrenic who developed frequent ENTD involuntary eye-blinking movements ENTDEND
0	ENTC quetiapine ENTCEND or clozapine. We present a 15-year-old girl schizophrenic who developed frequent ENTD involuntary eye-blinking movements ENTDEND
0	ENTC olanzapine ENTCEND and ziprasidone. However, there are two case reports that show tic-like symptoms, including motor and phonic variants, occurring during treatment with quetiapine or clozapine. We present a 15-year-old girl schizophrenic who developed frequent ENTD involuntary eye-blinking movements ENTDEND
0	ENTC risperidone ENTCEND  olanzapine and ziprasidone. However, there are two case reports that show tic-like symptoms, including motor and phonic variants, occurring during treatment with quetiapine or clozapine. We present a 15-year-old girl schizophrenic who developed frequent ENTD involuntary eye-blinking movements ENTDEND
0	ENTC ziprasidone ENTCEND  However, there are two case reports that show tic-like symptoms, including motor and phonic variants, occurring during treatment with quetiapine or clozapine. We present a 15-year-old girl schizophrenic who developed frequent ENTD involuntary eye-blinking movements ENTDEND
0	ENTD involuntary eye-blinking movements ENTDEND after 5 months of ENTC amisulpride ENTCEND
0	ENTC clozapine ENTCEND  We present a 15-year-old girl schizophrenic who developed frequent involuntary eye-blinking movements after 5 months of amisulpride treatment (1000 mg per day). The tic-like symptoms resolved completely after we reduced the dose of amisulpride down to 800 mg per day. However, her ENTD psychosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD psychosis ENTDEND recurred after the dose reduction. We then placed her on an additional 100 mg per day of ENTC quetiapine ENTCEND
0	ENTC olanzapine ENTCEND and ziprasidone. However, there are two case reports that show tic-like symptoms, including motor and phonic variants, occurring during treatment with quetiapine or clozapine. We present a 15-year-old girl schizophrenic who developed frequent involuntary eye-blinking movements after 5 months of amisulpride treatment (1000 mg per day). The tic-like symptoms resolved completely after we reduced the dose of amisulpride down to 800 mg per day. However, her ENTD psychosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC risperidone ENTCEND  olanzapine and ziprasidone. However, there are two case reports that show tic-like symptoms, including motor and phonic variants, occurring during treatment with quetiapine or clozapine. We present a 15-year-old girl schizophrenic who developed frequent involuntary eye-blinking movements after 5 months of amisulpride treatment (1000 mg per day). The tic-like symptoms resolved completely after we reduced the dose of amisulpride down to 800 mg per day. However, her ENTD psychosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC ziprasidone ENTCEND  However, there are two case reports that show tic-like symptoms, including motor and phonic variants, occurring during treatment with quetiapine or clozapine. We present a 15-year-old girl schizophrenic who developed frequent involuntary eye-blinking movements after 5 months of amisulpride treatment (1000 mg per day). The tic-like symptoms resolved completely after we reduced the dose of amisulpride down to 800 mg per day. However, her ENTD psychosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC amisulpride ENTCEND down to 800 mg per day. However, her ENTD psychosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC clozapine ENTCEND  We present a 15-year-old girl ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND
0	ENTC quetiapine ENTCEND or clozapine. We present a 15-year-old girl ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND
0	ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND .Tic disorders can be effectively treated by atypical antipsychotics such as risperidone, ENTC olanzapine ENTCEND
0	ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND .Tic disorders can be effectively treated by atypical antipsychotics such as ENTC risperidone ENTCEND
0	ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND .Tic disorders can be effectively treated by atypical antipsychotics such as risperidone, olanzapine and ENTC ziprasidone ENTCEND
0	ENTC Amisulpride ENTCEND  related tic-like symptoms in an adolescent ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND
0	ENTD irritability ENTDEND  or headaches. The ENTC oxytocin ENTCEND
0	ENTD irritability ENTDEND  or headaches. The oxytocin should be given only in Ringers lactate or, alternately, in Ringers lactate and a 5 per cent ENTC dextrose ENTCEND
0	ENTD irritability ENTDEND  or headaches. The oxytocin should be given only in Ringers ENTC lactate ENTCEND
1	ENTD Water intoxication ENTDEND  associated with ENTC oxytocin ENTCEND
0	ENTD water intoxication ENTDEND and instructed to watch the diuresis and report such early signs of the syndrome as asthenia, muscular irritability, or headaches. The oxytocin should be given only in Ringers lactate or, alternately, in Ringers lactate and a 5 per cent ENTC dextrose ENTCEND
0	ENTD water intoxication ENTDEND and instructed to watch the diuresis and report such early signs of the syndrome as asthenia, muscular irritability, or headaches. The oxytocin should be given only in Ringers ENTC lactate ENTCEND
0	ENTC oxytocin ENTCEND  administration during saline-induced ENTD abortion ENTDEND
0	ENTD abortions ENTDEND is advocated only if it can be carried out under careful observations of an alert nursing staff, aware of the symptoms of water intoxication and instructed to watch the diuresis and report such early signs of the syndrome as asthenia, muscular irritability, or headaches. The oxytocin should be given only in Ringers lactate or, alternately, in Ringers lactate and a 5 per cent ENTC dextrose ENTCEND
0	ENTD abortions ENTDEND is advocated only if it can be carried out under careful observations of an alert nursing staff, aware of the symptoms of water intoxication and instructed to watch the diuresis and report such early signs of the syndrome as asthenia, muscular irritability, or headaches. The oxytocin should be given only in Ringers ENTC lactate ENTCEND
0	ENTD headaches ENTDEND  The ENTC oxytocin ENTCEND
0	ENTD headaches ENTDEND  The oxytocin should be given only in Ringers lactate or, alternately, in Ringers lactate and a 5 per cent ENTC dextrose ENTCEND
0	ENTD headaches ENTDEND  The oxytocin should be given only in Ringers ENTC lactate ENTCEND
0	ENTD asthenia ENTDEND  muscular irritability, or headaches. The ENTC oxytocin ENTCEND
0	ENTD asthenia ENTDEND  muscular irritability, or headaches. The oxytocin should be given only in Ringers lactate or, alternately, in Ringers lactate and a 5 per cent ENTC dextrose ENTCEND
0	ENTD asthenia ENTDEND  muscular irritability, or headaches. The oxytocin should be given only in Ringers ENTC lactate ENTCEND
0	ENTD vasculitis ENTDEND  However, there are few studies of angiographic effects of ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
1	ENTD SAH ENTDEND associated with ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Cocaine ENTCEND use has been associated with ENTD neurovascular complications ENTDEND
1	ENTD aneurysmal ENTDEND SAH associated with ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
1	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND induced by ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND induced by gentamicin the transient or dynamic response of blood vessels could be affected, and that antioxidants can prevent the changes in dynamic responses of blood vessels. The new approach to ex vivo blood vessel experiments in which not only the end points of vessels response within the time interval is considered, but also dynamics of this response, was used in this paper. Our results confirm the alteration in dynamic response of blood vessels during the change of pressure in gentamicin-treated animals. The beneficial effects of vitamin C administration to gentamicin-treated animals are also confirmed through: lower level of blood urea and ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND induced by gentamicin the transient or dynamic response of blood vessels could be affected, and that antioxidants can prevent the changes in dynamic responses of blood vessels. The new approach to ex vivo blood vessel experiments in which not only the end points of vessels response within the time interval is considered, but also dynamics of this response, was used in this paper. Our results confirm the alteration in dynamic response of blood vessels during the change of pressure in gentamicin-treated animals. The beneficial effects of vitamin C administration to gentamicin-treated animals are also confirmed through: lower level of blood ENTC urea ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND induced by gentamicin the transient or dynamic response of blood vessels could be affected, and that antioxidants can prevent the changes in dynamic responses of blood vessels. The new approach to ex vivo blood vessel experiments in which not only the end points of vessels response within the time interval is considered, but also dynamics of this response, was used in this paper. Our results confirm the alteration in dynamic response of blood vessels during the change of pressure in gentamicin-treated animals. The beneficial effects of vitamin C administration to gentamicin-treated animals are also confirmed through: lower level of blood urea and creatinine and higher level of ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND induced by gentamicin the transient or dynamic response of blood vessels could be affected, and that antioxidants can prevent the changes in dynamic responses of blood vessels. The new approach to ex vivo blood vessel experiments in which not only the end points of vessels response within the time interval is considered, but also dynamics of this response, was used in this paper. Our results confirm the alteration in dynamic response of blood vessels during the change of pressure in gentamicin-treated animals. The beneficial effects of ENTC vitamin C ENTCEND
0	ENTC barbiturate ENTCEND ENTD narcosis ENTDEND
1	ENTD narcosis ENTDEND  ENTC Sodium thiopenthal ENTCEND
1	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND induced ENTD narcosis ENTDEND
1	ENTD narcosis ENTDEND  in rats. ENTC Melatonin ENTCEND
1	ENTC ketamine ENTCEND  or diazepam-induced ENTD narcosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD behavioral disorders ENTDEND  A dose of 0.5 mg./kg. produced a reduction of almost 50% of the behavioral score induced by ENTC CP ENTCEND
0	ENTC Morphine ENTCEND dose-dependently reversed these ENTD behavioral disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTC acrolein ENTCEND at doses of 0.5 mg. by the intravesical route and of 5 mg./kg. i.v. RESULTS: CP dose-relatedly induced marked behavioral modifications in male rats: breathing rate decrease, closing of the eyes and occurrence of specific postures. Morphine dose-dependently reversed these ENTD behavioral disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTD behavioral disorders ENTDEND  A dose of 0.5 mg./kg. produced a reduction of almost 50% of the behavioral score induced by CP 200 mg./kg. This effect was completely prevented by pretreatment with ENTC naloxone ENTCEND
0	ENTD edema ENTDEND  were observed. In female rats, ENTC CP ENTCEND
0	ENTC morphine ENTCEND  histological modifications of the bladder wall, such as chorionic and muscle layer ENTD edema ENTDEND
0	ENTD edema ENTDEND  were observed. In female rats, CP 200 mg./kg. i.p. produced the same marked behavioral modifications as those observed in male rats. Administered at the dose of 20 mg. intravesically, CP did not produce any behavioral effects, whereas ENTC acrolein ENTCEND
0	ENTC naloxone ENTCEND  At the time of administration of morphine, histological modifications of the bladder wall, such as chorionic and muscle layer ENTD edema ENTDEND
0	ENTD visceral pain ENTDEND in rats using a behavioral approach. ENTC Cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD visceral pain ENTDEND in rats using a behavioral approach. Cyclophosphamide (CP), an antitumoral agent known to produce toxic effects on the bladder wall through its main toxic metabolite acrolein, was used to induce cystitis. MATERIALS AND METHODS: CP was administered at doses of 50, 100 and 200 mg./kg. i.p. to male rats, and their behavior observed and scored. The effects of ENTC morphine ENTCEND
0	ENTD visceral pain ENTDEND in rats using a behavioral approach. Cyclophosphamide (CP), an antitumoral agent known to produce toxic effects on the bladder wall through its main toxic metabolite ENTC acrolein ENTCEND
1	ENTC CP ENTCEND induced ENTD cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD cystitis ENTDEND  MATERIALS AND METHODS: CP was administered at doses of 50, 100 and 200 mg./kg. i.p. to male rats, and their behavior observed and scored. The effects of ENTC morphine ENTCEND
0	ENTC acrolein ENTCEND  was used to induce ENTD cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD cystitis ENTDEND  MATERIALS AND METHODS: CP was administered at doses of 50, 100 and 200 mg./kg. i.p. to male rats, and their behavior observed and scored. The effects of morphine (0.5 to 4 mg./kg. i.v.) on CP-induced behavioral modifications were tested administered alone and after ENTC naloxone ENTCEND
1	ENTC CP ENTCEND induced cystitis may be an interesting new behavioral model of inflammatory visceral pain, allowing a better understanding of these ENTD painful syndromes ENTDEND
1	ENTC acrolein ENTCEND 5 mg./kg. i.v. did not produce any behavioral effects at all. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, these results indicate that this experimental model of CP-induced cystitis may be an interesting new behavioral model of inflammatory visceral pain, allowing a better understanding of these ENTD painful syndromes ENTDEND
0	ENTC thiopental ENTCEND iv. followed by succinylcholine (Group PS, LS) or rocuronium (Group PR) for tracheal intubation. Following administration of these agents, the presence, and degree of ENTD fasciculation ENTDEND
0	ENTD muscle fasciculation ENTDEND  The changes in systolic and diastolic blood pressure and heart rate were not significant among the three groups. In conclusion, where succinylcholine is used, ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND
1	ENTC succinylcholine ENTCEND (Group PS, LS) or rocuronium (Group PR) for tracheal intubation. Following administration of these agents, the presence, and degree of ENTD fasciculation ENTDEND
0	ENTC rocuronium ENTCEND (Group PR) for tracheal intubation. Following administration of these agents, the presence, and degree of ENTD fasciculation ENTDEND
0	ENTC Morphine ENTCEND 0.1 mg x kg(-1) iv was given for premedication and all patients were monitored with a noninvasive blood pressure monitor, ECG and pulse oximetry. Anesthesia was induced with 5 mg.kg(-1) thiopental iv. followed by succinylcholine (Group PS, LS) or rocuronium (Group PR) for tracheal intubation. Following administration of these agents, the presence, and degree of ENTD fasciculation ENTDEND
0	ENTC thiopental ENTCEND iv. followed by succinylcholine (Group PS, LS) or rocuronium (Group PR) for tracheal intubation. Following administration of these agents, the presence, and degree of fasciculation were assessed visually on a four point scale by one investigator who was blinded to the drug administered. The blood pressure and heart rate of each patient were monitored on nine occasions. Twenty-four hours later, any ENTD myalgia ENTDEND
0	ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND pretreatment on reduction of succinylcholine-induced ENTD myalgia ENTDEND
0	ENTC succinylcholine ENTCEND induced ENTD myalgia ENTDEND
0	ENTC rocuronium ENTCEND (Group PR) for tracheal intubation. Following administration of these agents, the presence, and degree of fasciculation were assessed visually on a four point scale by one investigator who was blinded to the drug administered. The blood pressure and heart rate of each patient were monitored on nine occasions. Twenty-four hours later, any ENTD myalgia ENTDEND
0	ENTD myalgia ENTDEND in patients undergoing general anesthesia for gynecological surgery. One hundred and thirty-five patients were assigned to one of three groups in a prospective, double blind, randomized manner. Group PS, the control group, received normal saline and succinylcholine 1.5 mg x kg(-1); Group LS, lidocaine 1.5 mg x kg(-1) and succinylcholine 1.5 mg x kg(-1); Group PR, normal saline and rocuronium 0.6 mg x kg(-1). ENTC Morphine ENTCEND
0	ENTD postoperative myalgia ENTDEND ?This study was undertaken to determine the effect of lidocaine pretreatment on reduction of succinylcholine-induced myalgia in patients undergoing general anesthesia for gynecological surgery. One hundred and thirty-five patients were assigned to one of three groups in a prospective, double blind, randomized manner. Group PS, the control group, received normal saline and succinylcholine 1.5 mg x kg(-1); Group LS, lidocaine 1.5 mg x kg(-1) and succinylcholine 1.5 mg x kg(-1); Group PR, normal saline and rocuronium 0.6 mg x kg(-1). Morphine 0.1 mg x kg(-1) iv was given for premedication and all patients were monitored with a noninvasive blood pressure monitor, ECG and pulse oximetry. Anesthesia was induced with 5 mg.kg(-1) ENTC thiopental ENTCEND
0	ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND  reduce succinylcholine induced ENTD postoperative myalgia ENTDEND
1	ENTC succinylcholine ENTCEND  induced ENTD postoperative myalgia ENTDEND
0	ENTD postoperative myalgia ENTDEND ?This study was undertaken to determine the effect of lidocaine pretreatment on reduction of succinylcholine-induced myalgia in patients undergoing general anesthesia for gynecological surgery. One hundred and thirty-five patients were assigned to one of three groups in a prospective, double blind, randomized manner. Group PS, the control group, received normal saline and succinylcholine 1.5 mg x kg(-1); Group LS, lidocaine 1.5 mg x kg(-1) and succinylcholine 1.5 mg x kg(-1); Group PR, normal saline and ENTC rocuronium ENTCEND
0	ENTD postoperative myalgia ENTDEND ?This study was undertaken to determine the effect of lidocaine pretreatment on reduction of succinylcholine-induced myalgia in patients undergoing general anesthesia for gynecological surgery. One hundred and thirty-five patients were assigned to one of three groups in a prospective, double blind, randomized manner. Group PS, the control group, received normal saline and succinylcholine 1.5 mg x kg(-1); Group LS, lidocaine 1.5 mg x kg(-1) and succinylcholine 1.5 mg x kg(-1); Group PR, normal saline and rocuronium 0.6 mg x kg(-1). ENTC Morphine ENTCEND
1	ENTD Infarcts in substantia nigra pars reticulata ENTDEND were evoked by prolonged ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND
0	ENTC lactate ENTCEND at acid pH or by stab caused by needle insertion. ENTD Infarcts in substantia nigra pars reticulata ENTDEND
1	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND induced ENTD status epilepticus ENTDEND
0	ENTC lactate ENTCEND at acid pH or by stab caused by needle insertion. Infarcts in substantia nigra pars reticulata were evoked by prolonged pilocarpine-induced ENTD status epilepticus ENTDEND
1	ENTD injury in the cortex ENTDEND was produced by infusion of lactate at acid pH or by stab caused by needle insertion. Infarcts in substantia nigra pars reticulata were evoked by prolonged ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND
0	ENTD injury in the cortex ENTDEND was produced by infusion of ENTC lactate ENTCEND
0	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND induced status epilepticus. Immunohistochemical staining for NFs showed characteristic terminal clubs of axons in the borderzone of lesions. Differences in the labelling pattern occurred with different antibodies which apparently depended on molecular weight class of NFs and phosphorylation state. These immunohistochemical changes of NFs can serve as a marker for axonal damage in various experimental ENTD traumatic ENTDEND
0	ENTC lactate ENTCEND at acid pH or by stab caused by needle insertion. Infarcts in substantia nigra pars reticulata were evoked by prolonged pilocarpine-induced status epilepticus. Immunohistochemical staining for NFs showed characteristic terminal clubs of axons in the borderzone of lesions. Differences in the labelling pattern occurred with different antibodies which apparently depended on molecular weight class of NFs and phosphorylation state. These immunohistochemical changes of NFs can serve as a marker for axonal damage in various experimental ENTD traumatic ENTDEND
0	ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND /carboplatin liquid crystalline cubic phases) for recurrent ENTD glioblastoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND  liquid crystalline cubic phases) for recurrent ENTD glioblastoma ENTDEND
1	ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND  In the latter group, ENTD brain edema ENTDEND
0	ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND cubic phases in different dosages. Six of the patients received more than 15 mg paclitaxel and suffered from moderate to severe ENTD brain edema ENTDEND
0	ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND /carboplatin liquid crystalline cubic phases) for recurrent glioblastoma -- clinical observations.Human malignant ENTD brain tumors ENTDEND
0	ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND  liquid crystalline cubic phases) for recurrent glioblastoma -- clinical observations.Human malignant ENTD brain tumors ENTDEND
0	ENTC ampicillin ENTCEND and gentamicin because of suspected ENTD septicemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND because of suspected ENTD septicemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD septicemia ENTDEND  Medications were discontinued when erythema multiforme and congestive heart failure caused by myocarditis occurred. The patient was treated with ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
1	ENTC ampicillin ENTCEND .OBJECTIVE: To report a case of ENTD erythema multiforme ENTDEND
0	ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND because of suspected septicemia. Medications were discontinued when ENTD erythema multiforme ENTDEND
0	ENTD erythema multiforme ENTDEND and myocarditis were ruled out, a drug-induced allergic reaction was suspected. Positive MIF test for ampicillin showed sensitization of the patient's lymphocytes to ampicillin. CONCLUSIONS: Hypersensitivity myocarditis is a rare and dangerous manifestation of allergy to ENTC penicillins ENTCEND
0	ENTD erythema multiforme ENTDEND and congestive heart failure caused by myocarditis occurred. The patient was treated with ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
0	ENTC ampicillin ENTCEND was positive. DISCUSSION: After most ENTD infections ENTDEND
0	ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND because of suspected septicemia. Medications were discontinued when erythema multiforme and congestive heart failure caused by myocarditis occurred. The patient was treated with methylprednisolone and gradually improved. Macrophage-migration inhibition (MIF) test with ampicillin was positive. DISCUSSION: After most ENTD infections ENTDEND
0	ENTD infections ENTDEND causing erythema multiforme and myocarditis were ruled out, a drug-induced allergic reaction was suspected. Positive MIF test for ampicillin showed sensitization of the patient's lymphocytes to ampicillin. CONCLUSIONS: Hypersensitivity myocarditis is a rare and dangerous manifestation of allergy to ENTC penicillins ENTCEND
0	ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND and gradually improved. Macrophage-migration inhibition (MIF) test with ampicillin was positive. DISCUSSION: After most ENTD infections ENTDEND
1	ENTD hypersensitivity myocarditis ENTDEND  caused by ENTC ampicillin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypersensitivity myocarditis ENTDEND caused by ampicillin. CASE SUMMARY: A 13-year-old boy was treated with ampicillin and ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD Hypersensitivity myocarditis ENTDEND is a rare and dangerous manifestation of allergy to ENTC penicillins ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocarditis ENTDEND occurred. The patient was treated with ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
0	ENTC ampicillin ENTCEND and gentamicin because of suspected septicemia. Medications were discontinued when erythema multiforme and ENTD congestive heart failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND because of suspected septicemia. Medications were discontinued when erythema multiforme and ENTD congestive heart failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD congestive heart failure ENTDEND caused by myocarditis occurred. The patient was treated with methylprednisolone and gradually improved. Macrophage-migration inhibition (MIF) test with ampicillin was positive. DISCUSSION: After most infections causing erythema multiforme and myocarditis were ruled out, a drug-induced allergic reaction was suspected. Positive MIF test for ampicillin showed sensitization of the patient's lymphocytes to ampicillin. CONCLUSIONS: Hypersensitivity myocarditis is a rare and dangerous manifestation of allergy to ENTC penicillins ENTCEND
0	ENTD congestive heart failure ENTDEND caused by myocarditis occurred. The patient was treated with ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
1	ENTD drug-induced allergic reaction ENTDEND was suspected. Positive MIF test for ENTC ampicillin ENTCEND
0	ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND because of suspected septicemia. Medications were discontinued when erythema multiforme and congestive heart failure caused by myocarditis occurred. The patient was treated with methylprednisolone and gradually improved. Macrophage-migration inhibition (MIF) test with ampicillin was positive. DISCUSSION: After most infections causing erythema multiforme and myocarditis were ruled out, a ENTD drug-induced allergic reaction ENTDEND
0	ENTD allergy ENTDEND to ENTC penicillins ENTCEND
0	ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND and gradually improved. Macrophage-migration inhibition (MIF) test with ampicillin was positive. DISCUSSION: After most infections causing erythema multiforme and myocarditis were ruled out, a ENTD drug-induced allergic reaction ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypokalemia ENTDEND of short-term bendrofluazide treatment in 6 healthy male subjects and although the effect was small it was significant. Timolol also reduced the rise in plasma ENTC aldosterone ENTCEND
1	ENTC bendrofluazide ENTCEND -induced ENTD hypokalemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypokalemia ENTDEND of short-term bendrofluazide treatment in 6 healthy male subjects and although the effect was small it was significant. Timolol also reduced the rise in plasma aldosterone and urine ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypokalemia ENTDEND  by ENTC timolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypokalemia ENTDEND of short-term bendrofluazide treatment in 6 healthy male subjects and although the effect was small it was significant. Timolol also reduced the rise in plasma aldosterone and urine potassium excretion following bendrofluazide and increased the urine ENTC sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTC bethanechol ENTCEND  4. ENTD Diabetes ENTDEND
1	ENTC streptozotocin ENTCEND ENTD diabetic ENTDEND
0	ENTC ATP ENTCEND  and bethanechol. 4. ENTD Diabetes ENTDEND
1	ENTC flurbiprofen ENTCEND at a maximum dose of 4 mg/kg/day, had statistically significant decreases from baseline in 6 arthritis indices after 12 weeks of treatment. Improvements were seen in the number of tender joints, the severity of swelling and tenderness, the time of walk 50 feet, the duration of morning stiffness and the circumference of the left knee. The most frequently observed side effect was fecal occult blood (25% of patients); however, there was no other evidence of gastrointestinal (GI) bleeding in these patients. One patient was prematurely discontinued from the study for severe headache and ENTD abdominal pain ENTDEND
1	ENTC flurbiprofen ENTCEND at a maximum dose of 4 mg/kg/day, had statistically significant decreases from baseline in 6 arthritis indices after 12 weeks of treatment. Improvements were seen in the number of tender joints, the severity of swelling and tenderness, the time of walk 50 feet, the duration of morning stiffness and the circumference of the left knee. The most frequently observed side effect was fecal occult blood (25% of patients); however, there was no other evidence of gastrointestinal (GI) bleeding in these patients. One patient was prematurely discontinued from the study for severe ENTD headache ENTDEND
0	ENTC flurbiprofen ENTCEND at a maximum dose of 4 mg/kg/day, had statistically significant decreases from baseline in 6 ENTD arthritis ENTDEND
0	ENTC flurbiprofen ENTCEND at a maximum dose of 4 mg/kg/day, had statistically significant decreases from baseline in 6 arthritis indices after 12 weeks of treatment. Improvements were seen in the number of tender joints, the severity of ENTD swelling ENTDEND
0	ENTC Flurbiprofen ENTCEND  in the treatment of ENTD juvenile rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND
1	ENTC flurbiprofen ENTCEND at a maximum dose of 4 mg/kg/day, had statistically significant decreases from baseline in 6 arthritis indices after 12 weeks of treatment. Improvements were seen in the number of tender joints, the severity of swelling and tenderness, the time of walk 50 feet, the duration of morning stiffness and the circumference of the left knee. The most frequently observed side effect was fecal occult blood (25% of patients); however, there was no other evidence of ENTD gastrointestinal (GI) bleeding ENTDEND
1	ENTC isoniazid ENTCEND ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND
1	ENTD Acute experimental models of renal damage ENTDEND to the proximal tubular, glomerular, and papillary regions of the rat were produced by administration of hexachloro-1:3-butadiene (HCBD), puromycin aminonucleoside (PAN), and ENTC 2-bromoethylamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD Acute experimental models of renal damage ENTDEND to the proximal tubular, glomerular, and papillary regions of the rat were produced by administration of hexachloro-1:3-butadiene (HCBD), ENTC puromycin aminonucleoside ENTCEND
1	ENTD Acute experimental models of renal damage ENTDEND to the proximal tubular, glomerular, and papillary regions of the rat were produced by administration of ENTC hexachloro-1:3-butadiene ENTCEND
0	ENTC BEA ENTCEND , respectively. Several routine indicators of ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD glomerular damage ENTDEND produced by ENTC PAN ENTCEND
0	ENTC HCBD ENTCEND or BEA was discriminated both quantitatively and qualitatively from ENTD glomerular damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC glucose ENTCEND were markedly and transiently elevated in proximal tubular damage and N-acetyl-beta-glucosaminidase showed a sustained elevation in papillary damage. It is concluded that both selective urinary enzymes and the molecular weight pattern of urinary proteins can be used to provide diagnostic information about the possible site of ENTD renal damage ENTDEND
0	ENTD protein excretion ENTDEND were determined on urine samples. Tubular damage produced by HCBD or ENTC BEA ENTCEND
1	ENTC PAN ENTCEND  The latter was characterized by a pronounced increase in ENTD protein excretion ENTDEND
0	ENTD protein excretion ENTDEND were determined on urine samples. Tubular damage produced by ENTC HCBD ENTCEND
0	ENTD excretion of proteins ENTDEND of a wide range of molecular weights. Proximal tubular damage caused by HCBD and papillary damage caused by BEA were distinguished both by conventional urinalysis (volume and specific gravity) and by measurement of the two urinary enzymes. Alkaline phosphatase and ENTC glucose ENTCEND
0	ENTC hydrocortisone ENTCEND is associated with an ENTD increased cardiac output ENTDEND
0	ENTC norepinephrine ENTCEND uptake indicated that overall resting sympathetic nervous system activity was not increased. The rise in resting blood pressure with hydrocortisone is associated with an ENTD increased cardiac output ENTDEND
1	ENTC Hydrocortisone ENTCEND -induced ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTC norepinephrine ENTCEND uptake indicated that overall resting sympathetic nervous system activity was not increased. The ENTD rise in resting blood pressure ENTDEND
0	ENTC furosemide ENTCEND was successful. On hospital admission, blood pressure of the intubated, bradyarrhythmic patient was 100/65 mmHg. Further signs were ENTD hyperhidrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND , atropine and furosemide was successful. On hospital admission, blood pressure of the intubated, bradyarrhythmic patient was 100/65 mmHg. Further signs were ENTD hyperhidrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperhidrosis ENTDEND  hypersalivation, bronchorrhoea, and severe miosis; the electrocardiographic finding was atrio-ventricular dissociation. High doses of atropine (up to 50 mg per 24 hours), adrenaline and ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
1	ENTC Carbachol ENTCEND concentrations in serum and urine on day 1 and 2 of hospital admission were analysed by HPLC-mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Minutes after oral administration, the patient developed nausea, sweating and hypotension, and finally collapsed. Bradycardia, cholinergic symptoms and asystole occurred. Initial cardiopulmonary resuscitation and immediate treatment with adrenaline (epinephrine), atropine and furosemide was successful. On hospital admission, blood pressure of the intubated, bradyarrhythmic patient was 100/65 mmHg. Further signs were ENTD hyperhidrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperhidrosis ENTDEND  hypersalivation, bronchorrhoea, and severe miosis; the electrocardiographic finding was atrio-ventricular dissociation. High doses of ENTC atropine ENTCEND
0	ENTC furosemide ENTCEND was successful. On hospital admission, blood pressure of the intubated, bradyarrhythmic patient was 100/65 mmHg. Further signs were hyperhidrosis, hypersalivation, bronchorrhoea, and severe miosis; the electrocardiographic finding was atrio-ventricular dissociation. High doses of atropine (up to 50 mg per 24 hours), adrenaline and dopamine were necessary. The patient was extubated 1 week later. However, increased ENTD dyspnoea ENTDEND
0	ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND and dopamine were necessary. The patient was extubated 1 week later. However, increased ENTD dyspnoea ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND were necessary. The patient was extubated 1 week later. However, increased ENTD dyspnoea ENTDEND
0	ENTD dyspnoea ENTDEND and bronchospasm necessitated reintubation. Respiratory insufficiency was further worsened by Proteus mirabilis infection and severe bronchoconstriction. One week later, the patient was again extubated and 3 days later was transferred to a peripheral ward. On the next day he died, probably as a result of heart failure. Serum samples from the first and second days contained 3.6 and 1.9 mg/l ENTC carbachol ENTCEND
0	ENTC atropine ENTCEND (up to 50 mg per 24 hours), adrenaline and dopamine were necessary. The patient was extubated 1 week later. However, increased ENTD dyspnoea ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND  and finally collapsed. Bradycardia, cholinergic symptoms and asystole occurred. Initial cardiopulmonary resuscitation and immediate treatment with adrenaline (epinephrine), atropine and ENTC furosemide ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND  and finally collapsed. Bradycardia, cholinergic symptoms and asystole occurred. Initial cardiopulmonary resuscitation and immediate treatment with ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND  and finally collapsed. Bradycardia, cholinergic symptoms and asystole occurred. Initial cardiopulmonary resuscitation and immediate treatment with adrenaline (epinephrine), atropine and furosemide was successful. On hospital admission, blood pressure of the intubated, bradyarrhythmic patient was 100/65 mmHg. Further signs were hyperhidrosis, hypersalivation, bronchorrhoea, and severe miosis; the electrocardiographic finding was atrio-ventricular dissociation. High doses of atropine (up to 50 mg per 24 hours), adrenaline and ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
1	ENTC Carbachol ENTCEND concentrations in serum and urine on day 1 and 2 of hospital admission were analysed by HPLC-mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Minutes after oral administration, the patient developed nausea, sweating and ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND  and finally collapsed. Bradycardia, cholinergic symptoms and asystole occurred. Initial cardiopulmonary resuscitation and immediate treatment with adrenaline (epinephrine), ENTC atropine ENTCEND
0	ENTC furosemide ENTCEND was successful. On hospital admission, blood pressure of the intubated, bradyarrhythmic patient was 100/65 mmHg. Further signs were hyperhidrosis, hypersalivation, bronchorrhoea, and severe miosis; the electrocardiographic finding was atrio-ventricular dissociation. High doses of atropine (up to 50 mg per 24 hours), adrenaline and dopamine were necessary. The patient was extubated 1 week later. However, increased dyspnoea and ENTD bronchospasm ENTDEND
0	ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND and dopamine were necessary. The patient was extubated 1 week later. However, increased dyspnoea and ENTD bronchospasm ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND were necessary. The patient was extubated 1 week later. However, increased dyspnoea and ENTD bronchospasm ENTDEND
0	ENTD bronchospasm ENTDEND necessitated reintubation. Respiratory insufficiency was further worsened by Proteus mirabilis infection and severe bronchoconstriction. One week later, the patient was again extubated and 3 days later was transferred to a peripheral ward. On the next day he died, probably as a result of heart failure. Serum samples from the first and second days contained 3.6 and 1.9 mg/l ENTC carbachol ENTCEND
0	ENTC atropine ENTCEND (up to 50 mg per 24 hours), adrenaline and dopamine were necessary. The patient was extubated 1 week later. However, increased dyspnoea and ENTD bronchospasm ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbachol ENTCEND  a muscarinic cholinergic receptor agonist are rare. We report an interesting case investigating a (near) fatal ENTD poisoning ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbachol ENTCEND concentration exceeded the supposed serum level resulting from a therapeutic dose by a factor of 130 to 260. Especially in old patients, intensivists should consider intoxications (with cholinergics) as a cause of ENTD acute cardiovascular failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD Bradycardia ENTDEND  cholinergic symptoms and asystole occurred. Initial cardiopulmonary resuscitation and immediate treatment with adrenaline (epinephrine), atropine and ENTC furosemide ENTCEND
0	ENTD Bradycardia ENTDEND  cholinergic symptoms and asystole occurred. Initial cardiopulmonary resuscitation and immediate treatment with ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD Bradycardia ENTDEND  cholinergic symptoms and asystole occurred. Initial cardiopulmonary resuscitation and immediate treatment with adrenaline (epinephrine), atropine and furosemide was successful. On hospital admission, blood pressure of the intubated, bradyarrhythmic patient was 100/65 mmHg. Further signs were hyperhidrosis, hypersalivation, bronchorrhoea, and severe miosis; the electrocardiographic finding was atrio-ventricular dissociation. High doses of atropine (up to 50 mg per 24 hours), adrenaline and ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
1	ENTC Carbachol ENTCEND concentrations in serum and urine on day 1 and 2 of hospital admission were analysed by HPLC-mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Minutes after oral administration, the patient developed nausea, sweating and hypotension, and finally collapsed. ENTD Bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD Bradycardia ENTDEND  cholinergic symptoms and asystole occurred. Initial cardiopulmonary resuscitation and immediate treatment with adrenaline (epinephrine), ENTC atropine ENTCEND
0	ENTD nausea ENTDEND  sweating and hypotension, and finally collapsed. Bradycardia, cholinergic symptoms and asystole occurred. Initial cardiopulmonary resuscitation and immediate treatment with adrenaline (epinephrine), atropine and ENTC furosemide ENTCEND
0	ENTD nausea ENTDEND  sweating and hypotension, and finally collapsed. Bradycardia, cholinergic symptoms and asystole occurred. Initial cardiopulmonary resuscitation and immediate treatment with ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD nausea ENTDEND  sweating and hypotension, and finally collapsed. Bradycardia, cholinergic symptoms and asystole occurred. Initial cardiopulmonary resuscitation and immediate treatment with adrenaline (epinephrine), atropine and furosemide was successful. On hospital admission, blood pressure of the intubated, bradyarrhythmic patient was 100/65 mmHg. Further signs were hyperhidrosis, hypersalivation, bronchorrhoea, and severe miosis; the electrocardiographic finding was atrio-ventricular dissociation. High doses of atropine (up to 50 mg per 24 hours), adrenaline and ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
1	ENTC Carbachol ENTCEND concentrations in serum and urine on day 1 and 2 of hospital admission were analysed by HPLC-mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Minutes after oral administration, the patient developed ENTD nausea ENTDEND
0	ENTD nausea ENTDEND  sweating and hypotension, and finally collapsed. Bradycardia, cholinergic symptoms and asystole occurred. Initial cardiopulmonary resuscitation and immediate treatment with adrenaline (epinephrine), ENTC atropine ENTCEND
0	ENTC furosemide ENTCEND was successful. On hospital admission, blood pressure of the intubated, bradyarrhythmic patient was 100/65 mmHg. Further signs were hyperhidrosis, ENTD hypersalivation ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypersalivation ENTDEND  bronchorrhoea, and severe miosis; the electrocardiographic finding was atrio-ventricular dissociation. High doses of atropine (up to 50 mg per 24 hours), ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypersalivation ENTDEND  bronchorrhoea, and severe miosis; the electrocardiographic finding was atrio-ventricular dissociation. High doses of atropine (up to 50 mg per 24 hours), adrenaline and ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
1	ENTC Carbachol ENTCEND concentrations in serum and urine on day 1 and 2 of hospital admission were analysed by HPLC-mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Minutes after oral administration, the patient developed nausea, sweating and hypotension, and finally collapsed. Bradycardia, cholinergic symptoms and asystole occurred. Initial cardiopulmonary resuscitation and immediate treatment with adrenaline (epinephrine), atropine and furosemide was successful. On hospital admission, blood pressure of the intubated, bradyarrhythmic patient was 100/65 mmHg. Further signs were hyperhidrosis, ENTD hypersalivation ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypersalivation ENTDEND  bronchorrhoea, and severe miosis; the electrocardiographic finding was atrio-ventricular dissociation. High doses of ENTC atropine ENTCEND
0	ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND and dopamine were necessary. The patient was extubated 1 week later. However, increased dyspnoea and bronchospasm necessitated reintubation. ENTD Respiratory insufficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND were necessary. The patient was extubated 1 week later. However, increased dyspnoea and bronchospasm necessitated reintubation. ENTD Respiratory insufficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTD Respiratory insufficiency ENTDEND was further worsened by Proteus mirabilis infection and severe bronchoconstriction. One week later, the patient was again extubated and 3 days later was transferred to a peripheral ward. On the next day he died, probably as a result of heart failure. Serum samples from the first and second days contained 3.6 and 1.9 mg/l ENTC carbachol ENTCEND
0	ENTC atropine ENTCEND (up to 50 mg per 24 hours), adrenaline and dopamine were necessary. The patient was extubated 1 week later. However, increased dyspnoea and bronchospasm necessitated reintubation. ENTD Respiratory insufficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTD Alzheimer's disease ENTDEND  The mode of action was said to be comparable to that of the synthetic compound ' ENTC carbamylcholin ENTCEND
0	ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND and dopamine were necessary. The patient was extubated 1 week later. However, increased dyspnoea and bronchospasm necessitated reintubation. Respiratory insufficiency was further worsened by ENTD Proteus mirabilis infection ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND were necessary. The patient was extubated 1 week later. However, increased dyspnoea and bronchospasm necessitated reintubation. Respiratory insufficiency was further worsened by ENTD Proteus mirabilis infection ENTDEND
0	ENTD Proteus mirabilis infection ENTDEND and severe bronchoconstriction. One week later, the patient was again extubated and 3 days later was transferred to a peripheral ward. On the next day he died, probably as a result of heart failure. Serum samples from the first and second days contained 3.6 and 1.9 mg/l ENTC carbachol ENTCEND
0	ENTC atropine ENTCEND (up to 50 mg per 24 hours), adrenaline and dopamine were necessary. The patient was extubated 1 week later. However, increased dyspnoea and bronchospasm necessitated reintubation. Respiratory insufficiency was further worsened by ENTD Proteus mirabilis infection ENTDEND
0	ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND and dopamine were necessary. The patient was extubated 1 week later. However, increased dyspnoea and bronchospasm necessitated reintubation. Respiratory insufficiency was further worsened by Proteus mirabilis infection and severe bronchoconstriction. One week later, the patient was again extubated and 3 days later was transferred to a peripheral ward. On the next day he died, probably as a result of ENTD heart failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND were necessary. The patient was extubated 1 week later. However, increased dyspnoea and bronchospasm necessitated reintubation. Respiratory insufficiency was further worsened by Proteus mirabilis infection and severe bronchoconstriction. One week later, the patient was again extubated and 3 days later was transferred to a peripheral ward. On the next day he died, probably as a result of ENTD heart failure ENTDEND
1	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND  Serum samples from the first and second days contained 3.6 and 1.9 mg/l ENTC carbachol ENTCEND
0	ENTC atropine ENTCEND (up to 50 mg per 24 hours), adrenaline and dopamine were necessary. The patient was extubated 1 week later. However, increased dyspnoea and bronchospasm necessitated reintubation. Respiratory insufficiency was further worsened by Proteus mirabilis infection and severe bronchoconstriction. One week later, the patient was again extubated and 3 days later was transferred to a peripheral ward. On the next day he died, probably as a result of ENTD heart failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD asystole ENTDEND occurred. Initial cardiopulmonary resuscitation and immediate treatment with adrenaline (epinephrine), atropine and ENTC furosemide ENTCEND
0	ENTD asystole ENTDEND occurred. Initial cardiopulmonary resuscitation and immediate treatment with ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD asystole ENTDEND occurred. Initial cardiopulmonary resuscitation and immediate treatment with adrenaline (epinephrine), atropine and furosemide was successful. On hospital admission, blood pressure of the intubated, bradyarrhythmic patient was 100/65 mmHg. Further signs were hyperhidrosis, hypersalivation, bronchorrhoea, and severe miosis; the electrocardiographic finding was atrio-ventricular dissociation. High doses of atropine (up to 50 mg per 24 hours), adrenaline and ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
1	ENTC Carbachol ENTCEND concentrations in serum and urine on day 1 and 2 of hospital admission were analysed by HPLC-mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Minutes after oral administration, the patient developed nausea, sweating and hypotension, and finally collapsed. Bradycardia, cholinergic symptoms and ENTD asystole ENTDEND
0	ENTD asystole ENTDEND occurred. Initial cardiopulmonary resuscitation and immediate treatment with adrenaline (epinephrine), ENTC atropine ENTCEND
0	ENTC furosemide ENTCEND was successful. On hospital admission, blood pressure of the intubated, bradyarrhythmic patient was 100/65 mmHg. Further signs were hyperhidrosis, hypersalivation, bronchorrhoea, and severe ENTD miosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD miosis ENTDEND  the electrocardiographic finding was atrio-ventricular dissociation. High doses of atropine (up to 50 mg per 24 hours), ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD miosis ENTDEND  the electrocardiographic finding was atrio-ventricular dissociation. High doses of atropine (up to 50 mg per 24 hours), adrenaline and ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
1	ENTC Carbachol ENTCEND concentrations in serum and urine on day 1 and 2 of hospital admission were analysed by HPLC-mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Minutes after oral administration, the patient developed nausea, sweating and hypotension, and finally collapsed. Bradycardia, cholinergic symptoms and asystole occurred. Initial cardiopulmonary resuscitation and immediate treatment with adrenaline (epinephrine), atropine and furosemide was successful. On hospital admission, blood pressure of the intubated, bradyarrhythmic patient was 100/65 mmHg. Further signs were hyperhidrosis, hypersalivation, bronchorrhoea, and severe ENTD miosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD miosis ENTDEND  the electrocardiographic finding was atrio-ventricular dissociation. High doses of ENTC atropine ENTCEND
0	ENTC furosemide ENTCEND was successful. On hospital admission, blood pressure of the intubated, bradyarrhythmic patient was 100/65 mmHg. Further signs were hyperhidrosis, hypersalivation, bronchorrhoea, and severe miosis; the electrocardiographic finding was ENTD atrio-ventricular dissociation ENTDEND
0	ENTD atrio-ventricular dissociation ENTDEND  High doses of atropine (up to 50 mg per 24 hours), ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD atrio-ventricular dissociation ENTDEND  High doses of atropine (up to 50 mg per 24 hours), adrenaline and ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD atrio-ventricular dissociation ENTDEND  High doses of ENTC atropine ENTCEND
0	ENTC minoxidil ENTCEND .Acromegaly is an ENTD endocrine disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTC minoxidil ENTCEND .Acromegaly is an endocrine disorder caused by chronic excessive growth hormone secretion from the anterior pituitary gland. Significant disfiguring changes occur as a result of bone, cartilage, and soft tissue ENTD hypertrophy ENTDEND
0	ENTD pseudoacromegaly ENTDEND as a side effect of ENTC minoxidil ENTCEND
0	ENTD cutis verticis gyrata ENTDEND  Pseudoacromegaly, on the other hand, is the presence of similar acromegaloid features in the absence of elevated growth hormone or insulin-like growth factor levels. We present a patient with pseudoacromegaly that resulted from the long-term use of ENTC minoxidil ENTCEND
1	ENTC minoxidil ENTCEND . ENTD Acromegaly ENTDEND
0	ENTD ischemic stroke ENTDEND (within 24 hours) were consecutively allocated to receive placebo (n=100), 1 mg/h (low-dose) ENTC nimodipine ENTCEND
0	ENTD death ENTDEND alone (n/N=9/26, OR 4.336, 95% CI 1.131 16.619) compared with all placebo patients (n/N=62/92 and 14/92, respectively). There was no correlation between SBP change and outcome. CONCLUSIONS: DBP, but not SBP, reduction was associated with neurological worsening after the intravenous administration of high-dose ENTC nimodipine ENTCEND
1	ENTC nimodipine ENTCEND induced ENTD reduction in blood pressure ENTDEND
0	ENTC nimodipine ENTCEND after ENTD acute stroke ENTDEND
0	ENTC DES ENTCEND induced ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTD Pituitary tumors ENTDEND were induced in F344 female rats by chronic treatment with diethylstilbestrol (DES, 8-10 mg) implanted subcutaneously in silastic capsules. Over a range of 1-150 days of DES treatment, pairs of control and DES-treated rats were sacrificed, and their pituitaries dissociated enzymatically into single-cell preparations. The cell populations were examined regarding total cell recovery correlated with gland weight, intracellular prolactin (PRL) content and subsequent release in primary culture, immunocytochemical PRL staining, density and/or size alterations via separation on Ficoll-Hypaque and by unit gravity sedimentation, and cell cycle analysis, after ENTC acriflavine ENTCEND
1	ENTD Pituitary tumors ENTDEND were induced in F344 female rats by chronic treatment with ENTC diethylstilbestrol ENTCEND
0	ENTC estrogen ENTCEND -induced ENTD adenohypophyseal tumors ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND whereas the corresponding value for ENTC VPA ENTCEND
0	ENTC aspartate ENTCEND should account, at least partly, for its anticonvulsant activity observed in pilocarpine-induced ENTD seizure ENTDEND
0	ENTC glycine ENTCEND but less than a drastic reduction of glutamate and aspartate level. Based on the finding that VPU and VPA could protect the animals against pilocarpine-induced ENTD seizure ENTDEND
0	ENTC VPU ENTCEND and VPA could protect the animals against pilocarpine-induced ENTD seizure ENTDEND
0	ENTC GABA ENTCEND and glycine but less than a drastic reduction of glutamate and aspartate level. Based on the finding that VPU and VPA could protect the animals against pilocarpine-induced ENTD seizure ENTDEND
0	ENTC amino acid ENTCEND  neurotransmitters in pilocarpine-induced ENTD seizure ENTDEND
1	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND -induced ENTD seizure ENTDEND
0	ENTC glutamate ENTCEND and aspartate should account, at least partly, for its anticonvulsant activity observed in pilocarpine-induced ENTD seizure ENTDEND
0	ENTD infections ENTDEND  Strategies of extended-interval and conventional dosing have been utilized extensively in the general medical population; however, data are lacking to support a dosing strategy in the hematology/oncology population. To evaluate amikacin-associated nephrotoxicity in an adult hematology/oncology population, a prospective, randomized, open-label trial was conducted at a university-affiliated medical center. Forty patients with a diagnosis consistent with a hematologic/oncologic disorder that required treatment with an aminoglycoside were randomized to either conventional or extended-interval amikacin. The occurrence of nephrotoxicity by means of an increase in serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Amikacin ENTCEND is an aminoglycoside commonly used to provide empirical double gram-negative treatment for febrile neutropenia and other suspected ENTD infections ENTDEND
0	ENTC aminoglycoside ENTCEND commonly used to provide empirical double gram-negative treatment for febrile neutropenia and other suspected ENTD infections ENTDEND
0	ENTD hematologic/oncologic disorder ENTDEND that required treatment with an aminoglycoside were randomized to either conventional or extended-interval amikacin. The occurrence of nephrotoxicity by means of an increase in serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hematologic/oncologic disorder ENTDEND that required treatment with an aminoglycoside were randomized to either conventional or extended-interval ENTC amikacin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hematologic/oncologic disorder ENTDEND that required treatment with an ENTC aminoglycoside ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND by means of an increase in serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
1	ENTC amikacin ENTCEND ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND  in the hematology/oncology population.Amikacin is an ENTC aminoglycoside ENTCEND
0	ENTD febrile neutropenia ENTDEND and other suspected infections. Strategies of extended-interval and conventional dosing have been utilized extensively in the general medical population; however, data are lacking to support a dosing strategy in the hematology/oncology population. To evaluate amikacin-associated nephrotoxicity in an adult hematology/oncology population, a prospective, randomized, open-label trial was conducted at a university-affiliated medical center. Forty patients with a diagnosis consistent with a hematologic/oncologic disorder that required treatment with an aminoglycoside were randomized to either conventional or extended-interval amikacin. The occurrence of nephrotoxicity by means of an increase in serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Amikacin ENTCEND is an aminoglycoside commonly used to provide empirical double gram-negative treatment for ENTD febrile neutropenia ENTDEND
0	ENTC aminoglycoside ENTCEND commonly used to provide empirical double gram-negative treatment for ENTD febrile neutropenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hematologic/oncologic disorder ENTDEND that required treatment with an aminoglycoside were randomized to either conventional or extended-interval amikacin. The occurrence of nephrotoxicity by means of an increase in serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hematologic/oncologic disorder ENTDEND that required treatment with an aminoglycoside were randomized to either conventional or extended-interval ENTC amikacin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hematologic/oncologic disorder ENTDEND that required treatment with an ENTC aminoglycoside ENTCEND
1	ENTD dementia ENTDEND possibly due to ENTC cimetidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND clearance (Rc) averaged 4.8 +/- 2.0, indicating net tubular secretion for cimetidine. Rc seemed to be independent of age and decreased with increasing serum concentration of cimetidine, suggesting that secretion of cimetidine is a saturable process. There was only one case of ENTD dementia ENTDEND
0	ENTD liver or kidney disease ENTDEND who had ENTC cimetidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND clearance (Rc) averaged 4.8 +/- 2.0, indicating net tubular secretion for cimetidine. Rc seemed to be independent of age and decreased with increasing serum concentration of cimetidine, suggesting that secretion of cimetidine is a saturable process. There was only one case of dementia possibly due to cimetidine (with a drug level of 1.9 microgram/ml 6 hr after a dose) in a group of 13 patients without ENTD liver or kidney disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD liver or kidney disease ENTDEND who had ENTC cimetidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND clearance (Rc) averaged 4.8 +/- 2.0, indicating net tubular secretion for cimetidine. Rc seemed to be independent of age and decreased with increasing serum concentration of cimetidine, suggesting that secretion of cimetidine is a saturable process. There was only one case of dementia possibly due to cimetidine (with a drug level of 1.9 microgram/ml 6 hr after a dose) in a group of 13 patients without ENTD liver or kidney disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND was potentiated by scopolamine and attenuated by physostigmine. In contrast, both ENTC methscopolamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND was potentiated by scopolamine and attenuated by ENTC physostigmine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND produced by morphine. Pretreatment of mice with alpha-methyltyrosine (20 mg/kg i.p., one hour), an inhibitor of ENTC tyrosine ENTCEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND depletor, caused no significant change in the ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND produced by morphine. Pretreatment of mice with ENTC alpha-methyltyrosine ENTCEND
1	ENTC morphine ENTCEND induced ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC neostigmine ENTCEND  which do not penetrate the blood-brain barrier, had no effect on the ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
1	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND was potentiated by ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND  The study suggests that the activity-increasing effects of morphine are mediated by the release of catecholamines from adrenergic neurons in the brain. And the results are consistent with the hypothesis that morphine acts by retarding the release of ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND  The study suggests that the activity-increasing effects of morphine are mediated by the release of ENTC catecholamines ENTCEND
0	ENTC p-chlorophenylalamine ENTCEND (3 X 320 mg/kg i.p., 24 hr), a serotonin depletor, caused no significant change in the ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND (six or 10 cycles of ifosfamide, vincristine, and dactinomycin [IVA]). None of them had received cisplatin chemotherapy. Ages ranged from 4 months to 17 years; 58 patients were males and 42 females. The most common primary tumor site was the head and neck. Renal function was investigated by measuring plasma and urinary electrolytes, glucosuria, ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND  aminoaciduria, urinary pH, osmolarity, ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND  aminoaciduria, urinary pH, osmolarity, creatinine clearance, ENTC phosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND chemotherapy. Ages ranged from 4 months to 17 years; 58 patients were males and 42 females. The most common primary tumor site was the head and neck. Renal function was investigated by measuring plasma and urinary electrolytes, glucosuria, ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC IVA ENTCEND ). None of them had received cisplatin chemotherapy. Ages ranged from 4 months to 17 years; 58 patients were males and 42 females. The most common primary tumor site was the head and neck. Renal function was investigated by measuring plasma and urinary electrolytes, glucosuria, ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND in the treatment of ENTD mesenchymal tumors ENTDEND
0	ENTD Malignant Mesenchymal Tumor ENTDEND Study 84 [SIOP MMT 84]) were studied 1 year after the completion of treatment. Total cumulative doses were 36 or 60 g/m2 of ifosfamide (six or 10 cycles of ifosfamide, vincristine, and dactinomycin [IVA]). None of them had received cisplatin chemotherapy. Ages ranged from 4 months to 17 years; 58 patients were males and 42 females. The most common primary tumor site was the head and neck. Renal function was investigated by measuring plasma and urinary electrolytes, glucosuria, proteinuria, aminoaciduria, urinary pH, osmolarity, ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTC phosphate ENTCEND reabsorption. The remaining seven patients had isolated beta 2 microglobulinuria. Severe toxicity was correlated with the higher cumulative dose of 60 g/m2 of ifosfamide, a younger age (less than 2 1/2 years old), and a predominance of vesicoprostatic tumor involvement. This low percentage (5%) of TDFS must be evaluated with respect to the efficacy of ifosfamide in the treatment of ENTD mesenchymal tumors ENTDEND
0	ENTD Malignant Mesenchymal Tumor ENTDEND Study 84 [SIOP MMT 84]) were studied 1 year after the completion of treatment. Total cumulative doses were 36 or 60 g/m2 of ifosfamide (six or 10 cycles of ifosfamide, vincristine, and dactinomycin [IVA]). None of them had received ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD Malignant Mesenchymal Tumor ENTDEND Study 84 [SIOP MMT 84]) were studied 1 year after the completion of treatment. Total cumulative doses were 36 or 60 g/m2 of ifosfamide (six or 10 cycles of ENTC ifosfamide, vincristine, and dactinomycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND was correlated with the higher cumulative dose of 60 g/m2 of ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND clearance, phosphate tubular reabsorption, beta 2 microglobulinuria, and lysozymuria. Fifty-eight patients (78%) had normal renal tests, whereas 16 patients (22%) had renal abnormalities. Two subsets of patients were identified from this latter group: the first included four patients (5% of the total population) who developed major ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC phosphate ENTCEND reabsorption. The remaining seven patients had isolated beta 2 microglobulinuria. Severe ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND chemotherapy. Ages ranged from 4 months to 17 years; 58 patients were males and 42 females. The most common primary tumor site was the head and neck. Renal function was investigated by measuring plasma and urinary electrolytes, glucosuria, proteinuria, aminoaciduria, urinary pH, osmolarity, creatinine clearance, phosphate tubular reabsorption, beta 2 microglobulinuria, and lysozymuria. Fifty-eight patients (78%) had normal renal tests, whereas 16 patients (22%) had renal abnormalities. Two subsets of patients were identified from this latter group: the first included four patients (5% of the total population) who developed major ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND (six or 10 cycles of ifosfamide, vincristine, and dactinomycin [IVA]). None of them had received cisplatin chemotherapy. Ages ranged from 4 months to 17 years; 58 patients were males and 42 females. The most common primary tumor site was the head and neck. Renal function was investigated by measuring plasma and urinary electrolytes, ENTD glucosuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD glucosuria ENTDEND  proteinuria, aminoaciduria, urinary pH, osmolarity, ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD glucosuria ENTDEND  proteinuria, aminoaciduria, urinary pH, osmolarity, creatinine clearance, ENTC phosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND chemotherapy. Ages ranged from 4 months to 17 years; 58 patients were males and 42 females. The most common primary tumor site was the head and neck. Renal function was investigated by measuring plasma and urinary electrolytes, ENTD glucosuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC IVA ENTCEND ). None of them had received cisplatin chemotherapy. Ages ranged from 4 months to 17 years; 58 patients were males and 42 females. The most common primary tumor site was the head and neck. Renal function was investigated by measuring plasma and urinary electrolytes, ENTD glucosuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND  a younger age (less than 2 1/2 years old), and a predominance of vesicoprostatic ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTD tumor ENTDEND site was the head and neck. Renal function was investigated by measuring plasma and urinary electrolytes, glucosuria, proteinuria, aminoaciduria, urinary pH, osmolarity, ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD tumor ENTDEND site was the head and neck. Renal function was investigated by measuring plasma and urinary electrolytes, glucosuria, proteinuria, aminoaciduria, urinary pH, osmolarity, creatinine clearance, ENTC phosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND chemotherapy. Ages ranged from 4 months to 17 years; 58 patients were males and 42 females. The most common primary ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC IVA ENTCEND ). None of them had received cisplatin chemotherapy. Ages ranged from 4 months to 17 years; 58 patients were males and 42 females. The most common primary ENTD tumor ENTDEND
1	ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND ENTD renal toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND clearance, phosphate tubular reabsorption, beta 2 microglobulinuria, and lysozymuria. Fifty-eight patients (78%) had normal renal tests, whereas 16 patients (22%) had ENTD renal abnormalities ENTDEND
0	ENTC phosphate ENTCEND tubular reabsorption, beta 2 microglobulinuria, and lysozymuria. Fifty-eight patients (78%) had normal renal tests, whereas 16 patients (22%) had ENTD renal abnormalities ENTDEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND chemotherapy. Ages ranged from 4 months to 17 years; 58 patients were males and 42 females. The most common primary tumor site was the head and neck. Renal function was investigated by measuring plasma and urinary electrolytes, glucosuria, proteinuria, aminoaciduria, urinary pH, osmolarity, creatinine clearance, phosphate tubular reabsorption, beta 2 microglobulinuria, and lysozymuria. Fifty-eight patients (78%) had normal renal tests, whereas 16 patients (22%) had ENTD renal abnormalities ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal toxicity ENTDEND  in children treated for malignant mesenchymal tumors: an International Society of Pediatric Oncology report.The renal function of 74 children with malignant mesenchymal tumors in complete remission and who have received the same ifosfamide chemotherapy protocol (International Society of Pediatric Oncology Malignant Mesenchymal Tumor Study 84 [SIOP MMT 84]) were studied 1 year after the completion of treatment. Total cumulative doses were 36 or 60 g/m2 of ifosfamide (six or 10 cycles of ENTC ifosfamide, vincristine, and dactinomycin ENTCEND
1	ENTD TDFS ENTDEND ; and the second group included five patients with elevated beta 2 microglobulinuria and low phosphate reabsorption. The remaining seven patients had isolated beta 2 microglobulinuria. Severe toxicity was correlated with the higher cumulative dose of 60 g/m2 of ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND clearance, phosphate tubular reabsorption, beta 2 microglobulinuria, and lysozymuria. Fifty-eight patients (78%) had normal renal tests, whereas 16 patients (22%) had renal abnormalities. Two subsets of patients were identified from this latter group: the first included four patients (5% of the total population) who developed major toxicity resulting in ENTD Fanconi's syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTD TDFS ENTDEND ; and the second group included five patients with elevated beta 2 microglobulinuria and low ENTC phosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND chemotherapy. Ages ranged from 4 months to 17 years; 58 patients were males and 42 females. The most common primary tumor site was the head and neck. Renal function was investigated by measuring plasma and urinary electrolytes, glucosuria, proteinuria, aminoaciduria, urinary pH, osmolarity, creatinine clearance, phosphate tubular reabsorption, beta 2 microglobulinuria, and lysozymuria. Fifty-eight patients (78%) had normal renal tests, whereas 16 patients (22%) had renal abnormalities. Two subsets of patients were identified from this latter group: the first included four patients (5% of the total population) who developed major toxicity resulting in ENTD Fanconi's syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND (six or 10 cycles of ifosfamide, vincristine, and dactinomycin [IVA]). None of them had received cisplatin chemotherapy. Ages ranged from 4 months to 17 years; 58 patients were males and 42 females. The most common primary tumor site was the head and neck. Renal function was investigated by measuring plasma and urinary electrolytes, glucosuria, proteinuria, ENTD aminoaciduria ENTDEND
0	ENTD aminoaciduria ENTDEND  urinary pH, osmolarity, ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD aminoaciduria ENTDEND  urinary pH, osmolarity, creatinine clearance, ENTC phosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND chemotherapy. Ages ranged from 4 months to 17 years; 58 patients were males and 42 females. The most common primary tumor site was the head and neck. Renal function was investigated by measuring plasma and urinary electrolytes, glucosuria, proteinuria, ENTD aminoaciduria ENTDEND
0	ENTC IVA ENTCEND ). None of them had received cisplatin chemotherapy. Ages ranged from 4 months to 17 years; 58 patients were males and 42 females. The most common primary tumor site was the head and neck. Renal function was investigated by measuring plasma and urinary electrolytes, glucosuria, proteinuria, ENTD aminoaciduria ENTDEND
0	ENTD ovarian cancer ENTDEND  ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND
0	ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND  in the first-line treatment of advanced ENTD ovarian cancer ENTDEND
1	ENTD Neurotoxicity ENTDEND was largely moderate. So far, 14 patients are evaluable for response; of these, eight (57%) showed objective (complete or partial) response and disease stabilized in six patients. No patient had disease progression. We conclude that the combination of ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND
1	ENTD Neurotoxicity ENTDEND was largely moderate. So far, 14 patients are evaluable for response; of these, eight (57%) showed objective (complete or partial) response and disease stabilized in six patients. No patient had disease progression. We conclude that the combination of paclitaxel 185 mg/m2 administered as a 3-hour infusion followed immediately by a 1-hour infusion of ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND
1	ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND . Neurotoxicity was largely moderate. So far, 14 patients are evaluable for response; of these, eight (57%) showed objective (complete or partial) response and disease stabilized in six patients. No patient had disease progression. We conclude that the combination of ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND
1	ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND . Neurotoxicity was largely moderate. So far, 14 patients are evaluable for response; of these, eight (57%) showed objective (complete or partial) response and disease stabilized in six patients. No patient had disease progression. We conclude that the combination of paclitaxel 185 mg/m2 administered as a 3-hour infusion followed immediately by a 1-hour infusion of ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND dose of 185 mg/m2. To date, 30 previously untreated patients, all with a good performance status (Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group 0 to 2) have been entered into this ongoing study. The dose-limiting ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND dose was targeted at AUCs of 6 and 7.5, respectively, combined with a fixed paclitaxel dose of 185 mg/m2. To date, 30 previously untreated patients, all with a good performance status (Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group 0 to 2) have been entered into this ongoing study. The dose-limiting ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND dose of 185 mg/m2. To date, 30 previously untreated patients, all with a good performance status (Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group 0 to 2) have been entered into this ongoing study. The dose-limiting toxicity of the combination was myelosuppression (leukopenia, ENTD granulocytopenia ENTDEND
1	ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND dose was targeted at AUCs of 6 and 7.5, respectively, combined with a fixed paclitaxel dose of 185 mg/m2. To date, 30 previously untreated patients, all with a good performance status (Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group 0 to 2) have been entered into this ongoing study. The dose-limiting toxicity of the combination was myelosuppression (leukopenia, ENTD granulocytopenia ENTDEND
0	ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND dose of 185 mg/m2. To date, 30 previously untreated patients, all with a good performance status (Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group 0 to 2) have been entered into this ongoing study. The dose-limiting toxicity of the combination was ENTD myelosuppression ENTDEND
0	ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND dose was targeted at AUCs of 6 and 7.5, respectively, combined with a fixed paclitaxel dose of 185 mg/m2. To date, 30 previously untreated patients, all with a good performance status (Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group 0 to 2) have been entered into this ongoing study. The dose-limiting toxicity of the combination was ENTD myelosuppression ENTDEND
1	ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND dose of 185 mg/m2. To date, 30 previously untreated patients, all with a good performance status (Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group 0 to 2) have been entered into this ongoing study. The dose-limiting toxicity of the combination was myelosuppression ( ENTD leukopenia ENTDEND
1	ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND dose was targeted at AUCs of 6 and 7.5, respectively, combined with a fixed paclitaxel dose of 185 mg/m2. To date, 30 previously untreated patients, all with a good performance status (Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group 0 to 2) have been entered into this ongoing study. The dose-limiting toxicity of the combination was myelosuppression ( ENTD leukopenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD rigidity ENTDEND to a minor extent; however, its strength seems to be in improving ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD PD ENTDEND  such as dyskinesias, as well as the "off" symptoms, such as rigidity, bradykinesia, and on-off fluctuations. Pallidal stimulation improves bradykinesia and rigidity to a minor extent; however, its strength seems to be in improving ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
1	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND induced ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND
0	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND induced dyskinesias. Stimulation often produces an improvement in the ENTD hyper- or dyskinetic ENTDEND
0	ENTD bradykinesia ENTDEND and rigidity to a minor extent; however, its strength seems to be in improving ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD Parkinson disease ENTDEND  the authors investigated whether modulation of SMA excitability may result in a modification of a dyskinetic state induced by continuous ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Parkinson disease ENTDEND .The neural mechanisms and circuitry involved in ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD dyskinetic ENTDEND state induced by continuous ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND
1	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND induced ENTD dyskinesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND enhances ENTC Adriamycin ENTCEND
0	ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND  combined with whole body hyperthermia on ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND  and late normal tissue toxicities (i.e., myocardial and kidney injury) were evaluated by functional/physiological assays and by morphological techniques. Whole body hyperthermia (120 min at 41.5 degrees C) enhanced both ENTC Adriamycin ENTCEND
0	ENTC Adriamycin ENTCEND mediated antitumor effect, normal tissue ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac and renal lesions ENTDEND  varied between 2.4 and 4.3. Thus, while whole body hyperthermia enhances ENTC Adriamycin ENTCEND
0	ENTC Adriamycin ENTCEND mediated antitumor activity and normal tissue toxicities by whole body hyperthermia were compared using a F344 rat model. Antitumor activity was studied using a tumor growth delay assay. Acute normal tissue toxicities (i.e., ENTD leukopenia ENTDEND
1	ENTD cardiac and renal lesions ENTDEND  varied between 2.4 and 4.3. Thus, while whole body hyperthermia enhances ENTC Adriamycin ENTCEND
0	ENTC diethylstilbestrol ENTCEND for 13 years. Angiosarcoma was also present within pulmonary and renal arteries. The possibility that the intraarterial lesions might represent independent primary ENTD tumors ENTDEND
1	ENTC diethylstilbestrol ENTCEND . ENTD Angiosarcoma of the liver ENTDEND
0	ENTD adenocarcinoma of the liver ENTDEND with ENTC diethylstilbestrol ENTCEND
0	ENTC diethylstilbestrol ENTCEND for 13 years. Angiosarcoma was also present within pulmonary and renal arteries. The possibility that the ENTD intraarterial lesions ENTDEND
1	ENTC diethylstilbestrol ENTCEND . ENTD Angiosarcoma of the liver ENTDEND
1	ENTD hypoxia ENTDEND caused by ENTC MZ ENTCEND
0	ENTC FL ENTCEND were 4.3+/-1.9 mg and 0.28+/-0.2 mg, respectively. The duration of the examination and the mean ejection fraction (EF) were 16.4+/-6.1 minutes and 60+/-9%, respectively. Mild ENTD hypoxia ENTDEND
0	ENTD MR ENTDEND  and the ENTC MZ ENTCEND
0	ENTD MR ENTDEND  and the MZ dose. RESULTS: All patients (65+/-16 yrs; 58% males) finished the examination. The mean doses of MZ and ENTC FL ENTCEND
0	ENTD airway obstruction ENTDEND by probe introduction and 8 (5.8%) due to hypoxia caused by ENTC MZ ENTCEND
0	ENTC FL ENTCEND were 4.3+/-1.9 mg and 0.28+/-0.2 mg, respectively. The duration of the examination and the mean ejection fraction (EF) were 16.4+/-6.1 minutes and 60+/-9%, respectively. Mild hypoxia (SO2<90%) was the most common event (11 patients); 3 patients (2%) presented transient hypoxia due to upper ENTD airway obstruction ENTDEND
0	ENTC MZ ENTCEND use. Transient ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC FL ENTCEND were 4.3+/-1.9 mg and 0.28+/-0.2 mg, respectively. The duration of the examination and the mean ejection fraction (EF) were 16.4+/-6.1 minutes and 60+/-9%, respectively. Mild hypoxia (SO2<90%) was the most common event (11 patients); 3 patients (2%) presented transient hypoxia due to upper airway obstruction by probe introduction and 8 (5.8%) due to hypoxia caused by MZ use. Transient ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD MP ENTDEND (EF<45%) and high doses of ENTC MZ ENTCEND
0	ENTD MP ENTDEND , duration of the test, mitral regurgitation (MR) and the MZ dose. RESULTS: All patients (65+/-16 yrs; 58% males) finished the examination. The mean doses of MZ and ENTC FL ENTCEND
0	ENTD stroke ENTDEND  myocardiopathy (MP), duration of the test, mitral regurgitation (MR) and the ENTC MZ ENTCEND
0	ENTD stroke ENTDEND  myocardiopathy (MP), duration of the test, mitral regurgitation (MR) and the MZ dose. RESULTS: All patients (65+/-16 yrs; 58% males) finished the examination. The mean doses of MZ and ENTC FL ENTCEND
1	ENTC Levodopa ENTCEND -induced ENTD dyskinesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Levodopa ENTCEND induced dyskinesia of the limbs in thirteen cases of ENTD Parkinsonism ENTDEND
0	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND induced dyskinesias by ENTD thalamic lesions ENTDEND
0	ENTC Levodopa ENTCEND induced dyskinesia of the limbs in thirteen cases of Parkinsonism, which was choreic, ballistic or ENTD dystonic ENTDEND
0	ENTC PDTC ENTCEND on ENTD status epilepticus ENTDEND
0	ENTD status epilepticus ENTDEND  model.Pyrrolidine dithiocarbamate (PDTC) has a dual mechanism of action as an antioxidant and an inhibitor of the transcription factor kappa-beta. Both, production of reactive ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
1	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND ENTD status epilepticus ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND associated neuronal damage in the temporal cortex as compared to the hippocampal hilus. However, future investigations are necessary to exactly analyze the biochemical mechanisms by which ENTC PDTC ENTCEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND species and activation of NF-kappaB plays a more central role in ENTD seizure ENTDEND
0	ENTC PDTC ENTCEND protected the piriform cortex, whereas it did not affect hilar ENTD neuronal loss ENTDEND
0	ENTD neuronal loss ENTDEND  These data might indicate that the generation of reactive ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
1	ENTD neuronal damage ENTDEND in different sub-regions of the hippocampus as well as in the surrounding cortices. The effect of PDTC on status epilepticus-associated cell loss in the hippocampus and piriform cortex was evaluated in the rat fractionated ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND
1	ENTC terbutaline ENTCEND induced ENTD hypokalemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxprenolol ENTCEND pretreatment, the ENTD hypokalemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND effects. Oxprenolol caused decreases of 65% and 56% of terbutaline volume of distribution and clearance, respectively, and an increase of 130% of its AUC. In spite of higher terbutaline concentrations after oxprenolol pretreatment, the ENTD hypokalemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD diabetes-insipidus-like syndrome ENTDEND  by amiloride in rats.The effect of amiloride on lithium-induced polydipsia and polyuria and on the lithium concentration in the plasma, brain, kidney, thyroid and red blood cells was investigated in rats, chronically treated with ENTC LiCl ENTCEND
0	ENTD diabetes-insipidus-like syndrome ENTDEND  by ENTC amiloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD diabetes-insipidus-like syndrome ENTDEND by amiloride was accompanied by a reduction of the ratio between the lithium concentration in the renal medulla and its levels in the blood and an elevation in the plasma ENTC potassium ENTCEND
1	ENTC lithium ENTCEND -induced ENTD diabetes-insipidus-like syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTD polyuria ENTDEND and on the lithium concentration in the plasma, brain, kidney, thyroid and red blood cells was investigated in rats, chronically treated with ENTC LiCl ENTCEND
0	ENTC amiloride ENTCEND on lithium-induced polydipsia and ENTD polyuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND level. It is concluded that acute amiloride administration to lithium-treated patients suffering from polydipsia and ENTD polyuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD polyuria ENTDEND and on the ENTC lithium ENTCEND
0	ENTD polydipsia ENTDEND and polyuria and on the lithium concentration in the plasma, brain, kidney, thyroid and red blood cells was investigated in rats, chronically treated with ENTC LiCl ENTCEND
0	ENTC amiloride ENTCEND on lithium-induced ENTD polydipsia ENTDEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND level. It is concluded that acute amiloride administration to lithium-treated patients suffering from ENTD polydipsia ENTDEND
0	ENTC lithium ENTCEND induced ENTD polydipsia ENTDEND
0	ENTD muscular rigidity ENTDEND by the narcotic agent was significantly antagonized or even reduced by prior electrolytic lesions of the locus coeruleus or pretreatment with the alpha-adrenoceptor blocker, ENTC prazosin ENTCEND
1	ENTD muscular rigidity ENTDEND by ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND
0	ENTC CO2 ENTCEND  intravenous administration of fentanyl (50 or 100 micrograms/kg) consistently promoted an increase in electromyographic activity recorded from the gastrocnemius and abdominal rectus muscles. Such an induced ENTD muscular rigidity ENTDEND
0	ENTC ketamine ENTCEND  Under proper control of respiration, body temperature and end-tidal CO2, intravenous administration of fentanyl (50 or 100 micrograms/kg) consistently promoted an increase in electromyographic activity recorded from the gastrocnemius and abdominal rectus muscles. Such an induced ENTD muscular rigidity ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND associated bladder cancer were reviewed. RESULTS: All ENTD tumors ENTDEND
1	ENTC Cyclophosphamide ENTCEND associated ENTD bladder tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND associated bladder cancer were reviewed. RESULTS: All tumors were grade 3 or 4 transitional cell ENTD carcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND associated ENTD urothelial cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTD calculus ENTDEND in another, permitting continued treatment. Renal function remained normal in all patients. Nephrolithiasis is a complication of ENTC acetazolamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD myotonia ENTDEND  Three patients on ENTC acetazolamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC Acetazolamide ENTCEND -induced ENTD nephrolithiasis ENTDEND
1	ENTC acetazolamide ENTCEND (15%) developed ENTD renal calculi ENTDEND
0	ENTC Acetazolamide ENTCEND -induced nephrolithiasis: implications for treatment of ENTD neuromuscular disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTD paralysis ENTDEND and myotonia. Three patients on ENTC acetazolamide ENTCEND
1	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND  However, the ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTC benzodiazepine ENTCEND GABA-chloride channel macromolecular complex within the central nervous system to facilitate reflex ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC chloride ENTCEND channel macromolecular complex within the central nervous system to facilitate reflex ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
1	ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND induced reflex ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC GABA ENTCEND chloride channel macromolecular complex within the central nervous system to facilitate reflex ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND was antagonized by pretreatment of rats with an intravenous dose of ENTC picrotoxin ENTCEND
1	ENTC vincristine ENTCEND treatment. Twenty-seven patients reported ENTD neuropathic symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTC vincristine ENTCEND ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma ENTDEND treated with ENTC vincristine ENTCEND
0	ENTD bipolar ENTDEND patients from lithium to ENTC divalproex sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTC lithium ENTCEND in ENTD bipolar ENTDEND
0	ENTD polyuria ENTDEND and tremor, more subtle lithium side effects such as cognitive deficits, loss of creativity, and functional impairments remain understudied. This report summarizes our experience in switching bipolar patients from lithium to ENTC divalproex sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTC lithium ENTCEND  such as ENTD polyuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC divalproex sodium ENTCEND to alleviate such ENTD cognitive and functional impairments ENTDEND
1	ENTC Lithium ENTCEND -associated ENTD cognitive and functional deficits ENTDEND
0	ENTD tremor ENTDEND  more subtle lithium side effects such as cognitive deficits, loss of creativity, and functional impairments remain understudied. This report summarizes our experience in switching bipolar patients from lithium to ENTC divalproex sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTD tremor ENTDEND  more subtle ENTC lithium ENTCEND
1	ENTC nicotine ENTCEND -induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND  receptor subunits are necessary for nicotine-induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC nicotine ENTCEND to nicotinic acetylcholine receptors (nAChRs) elicits a series of dose-dependent behaviors that go from altered exploration, sedation, and tremors, to seizures and ENTD death ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND receptors (nAChRs) elicits a series of dose-dependent behaviors that go from altered exploration, sedation, and tremors, to seizures and ENTD death ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypolocomotion ENTDEND  in mice.Binding of ENTC nicotine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypolocomotion ENTDEND  in mice.Binding of nicotine to nicotinic ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTC nicotine ENTCEND to nicotinic acetylcholine receptors (nAChRs) elicits a series of dose-dependent behaviors that go from altered exploration, sedation, and ENTD tremors ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND receptors (nAChRs) elicits a series of dose-dependent behaviors that go from altered exploration, sedation, and ENTD tremors ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND in 40% of rats, but it did not cause this complication when combined with 5-FU and ENTC MTX ENTCEND
0	ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND in 40% of rats, but it did not cause this complication when combined with ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND
0	ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND in 40% of rats, but it did not cause this complication when combined with 5-FU and MTX. Histologic changes were found in rat kidneys after administration of MTX, CY and ENTC NG ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND concentration did not increase significantly compared to controls. CY caused ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND
1	ENTC CY ENTCEND caused ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND of ENTC MTX ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND of MTX + ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND action of anticancer drugs such as ENTC nitrogranulogen ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND action of anticancer drugs such as nitrogranulogen (NG), methotrexate (MTX), 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) and cyclophosphamide (CY) administered alone or in combination [MTX + 5-FU + CY (CMF)] was evaluated in experiments on Wistar rats. After drug administration, ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND of MTX + 5-FU + ENTC CY ENTCEND
0	ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND in 40% of rats, but it did not cause this complication when combined with 5-FU and ENTC MTX ENTCEND
0	ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND in 40% of rats, but it did not cause this complication when combined with ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND
0	ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND in 40% of rats, but it did not cause this complication when combined with 5-FU and MTX. Histologic changes were found in rat kidneys after administration of MTX, CY and ENTC NG ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND concentration did not increase significantly compared to controls. CY caused ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND
1	ENTC CY ENTCEND caused ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC clonidine ENTCEND .BACKGROUND: Inhibition of cardiac sympathetic tone represents an important strategy for treatment of cardiovascular disease, including ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclic nucleotide ENTCEND -gated pacemaker channels by clonidine.BACKGROUND: Inhibition of cardiac sympathetic tone represents an important strategy for treatment of cardiovascular disease, including ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTC clonidine ENTCEND .BACKGROUND: Inhibition of cardiac sympathetic tone represents an important strategy for treatment of ENTD cardiovascular disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclic nucleotide ENTCEND -gated pacemaker channels by clonidine.BACKGROUND: Inhibition of cardiac sympathetic tone represents an important strategy for treatment of ENTD cardiovascular disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND  Activation of presynaptic alpha2-adrenoceptors is the most widely accepted mechanism of action of the antisympathetic drug ENTC clonidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC cyclic nucleotide ENTCEND -gated pacemaker channels by clonidine.BACKGROUND: Inhibition of cardiac sympathetic tone represents an important strategy for treatment of cardiovascular disease, including arrhythmia, coronary heart disease, and chronic ENTD heart failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC clonidine ENTCEND .BACKGROUND: Inhibition of cardiac sympathetic tone represents an important strategy for treatment of cardiovascular disease, including arrhythmia, ENTD coronary heart disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclic nucleotide ENTCEND -gated pacemaker channels by clonidine.BACKGROUND: Inhibition of cardiac sympathetic tone represents an important strategy for treatment of cardiovascular disease, including arrhythmia, ENTD coronary heart disease ENTDEND
1	ENTC Clonidine ENTCEND induced ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND in conscious alpha2ABC-/- mice was 32.3% (10 microg/kg) and 26.6% (100 microg/kg) of the effect in wild-type mice. A similar bradycardic effect of clonidine was observed in isolated spontaneously beating right atria from alpha2ABC-knockout and wild-type mice. Clonidine inhibited the native pacemaker current (I(f)) in isolated sinoatrial node pacemaker cells and the I(f)-generating hyperpolarization-activated ENTC cyclic nucleotide ENTCEND
0	ENTC Antituberculosis ENTCEND therapy (ATT)-associated acute liver failure (ATT-ALF) is the commonest drug-induced ALF in South Asia. Prospective studies on ATT-ALF are lacking. The current study prospectively evaluated the magnitude, clinical course, outcome, and prognostic factors in ATT-ALF. From January 1986 to January 2009, 1223 consecutive ALF patients were evaluated: ATT alone was the cause in 70 (5.7%) patients. Another 15 (1.2%) had ATT and simultaneous hepatitis virus infection. In 44 (62.8%) patients, ATT was prescribed empirically without definitive evidence of ENTD tuberculosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD Gastrointestinal bleed ENTDEND  seizures, infection, and acute renal failure were documented in seven (10%), five (7.1%), 26 (37.1%), and seven (10%) patients, respectively. Compared with hepatitis E virus (HEV) and non-A non-E-induced ALF, ATT-ALF patients had nearly similar presentations except for older age and less elevation of liver enzymes. The mortality rate among patients with ATT-ALF was high (67.1%, n = 47), and only 23 (32.9%) patients recovered with medical treatment. In multivariate analysis, three factors independently predicted mortality: serum ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTD infection ENTDEND  and acute renal failure were documented in seven (10%), five (7.1%), 26 (37.1%), and seven (10%) patients, respectively. Compared with hepatitis E virus (HEV) and non-A non-E-induced ALF, ATT-ALF patients had nearly similar presentations except for older age and less elevation of liver enzymes. The mortality rate among patients with ATT-ALF was high (67.1%, n = 47), and only 23 (32.9%) patients recovered with medical treatment. In multivariate analysis, three factors independently predicted mortality: serum ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND  infection, and acute renal failure were documented in seven (10%), five (7.1%), 26 (37.1%), and seven (10%) patients, respectively. Compared with hepatitis E virus (HEV) and non-A non-E-induced ALF, ATT-ALF patients had nearly similar presentations except for older age and less elevation of liver enzymes. The mortality rate among patients with ATT-ALF was high (67.1%, n = 47), and only 23 (32.9%) patients recovered with medical treatment. In multivariate analysis, three factors independently predicted mortality: serum ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hepatitis E ENTDEND virus (HEV) and non-A non-E-induced ALF, ATT-ALF patients had nearly similar presentations except for older age and less elevation of liver enzymes. The mortality rate among patients with ATT-ALF was high (67.1%, n = 47), and only 23 (32.9%) patients recovered with medical treatment. In multivariate analysis, three factors independently predicted mortality: serum ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTD cerebral edema ENTDEND were present in 51 (76%) and 29 (41.4%) patients, respectively. Gastrointestinal bleed, seizures, infection, and acute renal failure were documented in seven (10%), five (7.1%), 26 (37.1%), and seven (10%) patients, respectively. Compared with hepatitis E virus (HEV) and non-A non-E-induced ALF, ATT-ALF patients had nearly similar presentations except for older age and less elevation of liver enzymes. The mortality rate among patients with ATT-ALF was high (67.1%, n = 47), and only 23 (32.9%) patients recovered with medical treatment. In multivariate analysis, three factors independently predicted mortality: serum ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND (>or=10.8 mg/dL), prothrombin time (PT) prolongation (>or=26 seconds), and grade III/IV ENTD encephalopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND were documented in seven (10%), five (7.1%), 26 (37.1%), and seven (10%) patients, respectively. Compared with hepatitis E virus (HEV) and non-A non-E-induced ALF, ATT-ALF patients had nearly similar presentations except for older age and less elevation of liver enzymes. The mortality rate among patients with ATT-ALF was high (67.1%, n = 47), and only 23 (32.9%) patients recovered with medical treatment. In multivariate analysis, three factors independently predicted mortality: serum ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTC Antituberculosis ENTCEND therapy (ATT)-associated acute liver failure (ATT-ALF) is the commonest drug-induced ALF in South Asia. Prospective studies on ATT-ALF are lacking. The current study prospectively evaluated the magnitude, clinical course, outcome, and prognostic factors in ATT-ALF. From January 1986 to January 2009, 1223 consecutive ALF patients were evaluated: ATT alone was the cause in 70 (5.7%) patients. Another 15 (1.2%) had ATT and simultaneous ENTD hepatitis virus infection ENTDEND
1	ENTC Antituberculosis ENTCEND  therapy-induced ENTD acute liver failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND (>or=10.8 mg/dL), prothrombin time (PT) prolongation (>or=26 seconds), and grade III/IV encephalopathy at presentation. CONCLUSION: ATT- ENTD ALF ENTDEND
0	ENTC purine ENTCEND analogue), and methotrexate (folic acid analogue). There is evidence that all four immunosuppressive drugs can reduce synovitis, but disease activity almost always recurs after therapy is stopped. Since adverse reactions are frequent, less than 50 percent of patients are able to continue a particular drug for more than one year. Since it takes three to 12 months to achieve maximal effects, those patients who are unable to continue the drug receive little benefit from it. Patients treated with alkylating agents have an increased risk of development of acute nonlymphocytic leukemia, and both alkylating agents and azathioprine are associated with the development of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Cyclophosphamide therapy increases the risk of ENTD carcinoma of the bladder ENTDEND
0	ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND (folic acid analogue). There is evidence that all four immunosuppressive drugs can reduce synovitis, but disease activity almost always recurs after therapy is stopped. Since adverse reactions are frequent, less than 50 percent of patients are able to continue a particular drug for more than one year. Since it takes three to 12 months to achieve maximal effects, those patients who are unable to continue the drug receive little benefit from it. Patients treated with alkylating agents have an increased risk of development of acute nonlymphocytic leukemia, and both alkylating agents and azathioprine are associated with the development of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Cyclophosphamide therapy increases the risk of ENTD carcinoma of the bladder ENTDEND
0	ENTD carcinoma of the bladder ENTDEND  There have been several long-term studies of patients with rheumatoid arthritis treated with ENTC azathioprine ENTCEND
0	ENTC alkylating agents ENTCEND and azathioprine are associated with the development of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Cyclophosphamide therapy increases the risk of ENTD carcinoma of the bladder ENTDEND
1	ENTC Cyclophosphamide ENTCEND therapy increases the risk of ENTD carcinoma of the bladder ENTDEND
0	ENTC folic acid ENTCEND analogue). There is evidence that all four immunosuppressive drugs can reduce synovitis, but disease activity almost always recurs after therapy is stopped. Since adverse reactions are frequent, less than 50 percent of patients are able to continue a particular drug for more than one year. Since it takes three to 12 months to achieve maximal effects, those patients who are unable to continue the drug receive little benefit from it. Patients treated with alkylating agents have an increased risk of development of acute nonlymphocytic leukemia, and both alkylating agents and azathioprine are associated with the development of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Cyclophosphamide therapy increases the risk of ENTD carcinoma of the bladder ENTDEND
0	ENTC chlorambucil ENTCEND (alkylating agents), azathioprine (purine analogue), and methotrexate (folic acid analogue). There is evidence that all four immunosuppressive drugs can reduce synovitis, but disease activity almost always recurs after therapy is stopped. Since adverse reactions are frequent, less than 50 percent of patients are able to continue a particular drug for more than one year. Since it takes three to 12 months to achieve maximal effects, those patients who are unable to continue the drug receive little benefit from it. Patients treated with alkylating agents have an increased risk of development of acute nonlymphocytic leukemia, and both alkylating agents and azathioprine are associated with the development of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Cyclophosphamide therapy increases the risk of ENTD carcinoma of the bladder ENTDEND
0	ENTC purine ENTCEND analogue), and methotrexate (folic acid analogue). There is evidence that all four immunosuppressive drugs can reduce ENTD synovitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND (folic acid analogue). There is evidence that all four immunosuppressive drugs can reduce ENTD synovitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC azathioprine ENTCEND (purine analogue), and methotrexate (folic acid analogue). There is evidence that all four immunosuppressive drugs can reduce ENTD synovitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC alkylating agents ENTCEND , azathioprine (purine analogue), and methotrexate (folic acid analogue). There is evidence that all four immunosuppressive drugs can reduce ENTD synovitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND and chlorambucil (alkylating agents), azathioprine (purine analogue), and methotrexate (folic acid analogue). There is evidence that all four immunosuppressive drugs can reduce ENTD synovitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC folic acid ENTCEND analogue). There is evidence that all four immunosuppressive drugs can reduce ENTD synovitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC chlorambucil ENTCEND (alkylating agents), azathioprine (purine analogue), and methotrexate (folic acid analogue). There is evidence that all four immunosuppressive drugs can reduce ENTD synovitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD neoplasms ENTDEND  in patients with rheumatoid arthritis exposed to different treatment regimens.Immunosuppressive drugs have been used during the last 30 years in treatment of patients with severe rheumatoid arthritis. The drugs commonly used are cyclophosphamide and chlorambucil (alkylating agents), azathioprine ( ENTC purine ENTCEND
0	ENTD neoplasms ENTDEND  in patients with rheumatoid arthritis exposed to different treatment regimens.Immunosuppressive drugs have been used during the last 30 years in treatment of patients with severe rheumatoid arthritis. The drugs commonly used are cyclophosphamide and chlorambucil (alkylating agents), azathioprine (purine analogue), and ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTC azathioprine ENTCEND and cyclophosphamide and the incidence of most of the common ENTD cancers ENTDEND
0	ENTD malignancy ENTDEND in rheumatoid arthritis are still being collected, and until further information is available, the use of immunosuppressive drugs, particularly ENTC alkylating agents ENTCEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND and the incidence of most of the common ENTD cancers ENTDEND
0	ENTD neoplasms ENTDEND  in patients with rheumatoid arthritis exposed to different treatment regimens.Immunosuppressive drugs have been used during the last 30 years in treatment of patients with severe rheumatoid arthritis. The drugs commonly used are cyclophosphamide and chlorambucil (alkylating agents), azathioprine (purine analogue), and methotrexate ( ENTC folic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD neoplasms ENTDEND  in patients with rheumatoid arthritis exposed to different treatment regimens.Immunosuppressive drugs have been used during the last 30 years in treatment of patients with severe rheumatoid arthritis. The drugs commonly used are cyclophosphamide and ENTC chlorambucil ENTCEND
0	ENTC purine ENTCEND analogue), and methotrexate (folic acid analogue). There is evidence that all four immunosuppressive drugs can reduce synovitis, but disease activity almost always recurs after therapy is stopped. Since adverse reactions are frequent, less than 50 percent of patients are able to continue a particular drug for more than one year. Since it takes three to 12 months to achieve maximal effects, those patients who are unable to continue the drug receive little benefit from it. Patients treated with alkylating agents have an increased risk of development of acute nonlymphocytic leukemia, and both alkylating agents and azathioprine are associated with the development of ENTD non-Hodgkin's lymphoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND (folic acid analogue). There is evidence that all four immunosuppressive drugs can reduce synovitis, but disease activity almost always recurs after therapy is stopped. Since adverse reactions are frequent, less than 50 percent of patients are able to continue a particular drug for more than one year. Since it takes three to 12 months to achieve maximal effects, those patients who are unable to continue the drug receive little benefit from it. Patients treated with alkylating agents have an increased risk of development of acute nonlymphocytic leukemia, and both alkylating agents and azathioprine are associated with the development of ENTD non-Hodgkin's lymphoma ENTDEND
1	ENTC azathioprine ENTCEND are associated with the development of ENTD non-Hodgkin's lymphoma ENTDEND
1	ENTC alkylating agents ENTCEND and azathioprine are associated with the development of ENTD non-Hodgkin's lymphoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD non-Hodgkin's lymphoma ENTDEND  ENTC Cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC folic acid ENTCEND analogue). There is evidence that all four immunosuppressive drugs can reduce synovitis, but disease activity almost always recurs after therapy is stopped. Since adverse reactions are frequent, less than 50 percent of patients are able to continue a particular drug for more than one year. Since it takes three to 12 months to achieve maximal effects, those patients who are unable to continue the drug receive little benefit from it. Patients treated with alkylating agents have an increased risk of development of acute nonlymphocytic leukemia, and both alkylating agents and azathioprine are associated with the development of ENTD non-Hodgkin's lymphoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC chlorambucil ENTCEND (alkylating agents), azathioprine (purine analogue), and methotrexate (folic acid analogue). There is evidence that all four immunosuppressive drugs can reduce synovitis, but disease activity almost always recurs after therapy is stopped. Since adverse reactions are frequent, less than 50 percent of patients are able to continue a particular drug for more than one year. Since it takes three to 12 months to achieve maximal effects, those patients who are unable to continue the drug receive little benefit from it. Patients treated with alkylating agents have an increased risk of development of acute nonlymphocytic leukemia, and both alkylating agents and azathioprine are associated with the development of ENTD non-Hodgkin's lymphoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND  The drugs commonly used are cyclophosphamide and chlorambucil (alkylating agents), azathioprine ( ENTC purine ENTCEND
0	ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND  The drugs commonly used are cyclophosphamide and chlorambucil (alkylating agents), azathioprine (purine analogue), and ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND treated with ENTC azathioprine ENTCEND
0	ENTC alkylating agents ENTCEND  in the treatment of ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND
0	ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND  The drugs commonly used are ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND  The drugs commonly used are cyclophosphamide and chlorambucil (alkylating agents), azathioprine (purine analogue), and methotrexate ( ENTC folic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND  The drugs commonly used are cyclophosphamide and ENTC chlorambucil ENTCEND
0	ENTC purine ENTCEND analogue), and methotrexate (folic acid analogue). There is evidence that all four immunosuppressive drugs can reduce synovitis, but disease activity almost always recurs after therapy is stopped. Since adverse reactions are frequent, less than 50 percent of patients are able to continue a particular drug for more than one year. Since it takes three to 12 months to achieve maximal effects, those patients who are unable to continue the drug receive little benefit from it. Patients treated with alkylating agents have an increased risk of development of ENTD acute nonlymphocytic leukemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND (folic acid analogue). There is evidence that all four immunosuppressive drugs can reduce synovitis, but disease activity almost always recurs after therapy is stopped. Since adverse reactions are frequent, less than 50 percent of patients are able to continue a particular drug for more than one year. Since it takes three to 12 months to achieve maximal effects, those patients who are unable to continue the drug receive little benefit from it. Patients treated with alkylating agents have an increased risk of development of ENTD acute nonlymphocytic leukemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD acute nonlymphocytic leukemia ENTDEND  and both alkylating agents and ENTC azathioprine ENTCEND
1	ENTD acute nonlymphocytic leukemia ENTDEND  and both ENTC alkylating agents ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute nonlymphocytic leukemia ENTDEND  and both alkylating agents and azathioprine are associated with the development of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. ENTC Cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC folic acid ENTCEND analogue). There is evidence that all four immunosuppressive drugs can reduce synovitis, but disease activity almost always recurs after therapy is stopped. Since adverse reactions are frequent, less than 50 percent of patients are able to continue a particular drug for more than one year. Since it takes three to 12 months to achieve maximal effects, those patients who are unable to continue the drug receive little benefit from it. Patients treated with alkylating agents have an increased risk of development of ENTD acute nonlymphocytic leukemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC chlorambucil ENTCEND (alkylating agents), azathioprine (purine analogue), and methotrexate (folic acid analogue). There is evidence that all four immunosuppressive drugs can reduce synovitis, but disease activity almost always recurs after therapy is stopped. Since adverse reactions are frequent, less than 50 percent of patients are able to continue a particular drug for more than one year. Since it takes three to 12 months to achieve maximal effects, those patients who are unable to continue the drug receive little benefit from it. Patients treated with alkylating agents have an increased risk of development of ENTD acute nonlymphocytic leukemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC purine ENTCEND analogue), and methotrexate (folic acid analogue). There is evidence that all four immunosuppressive drugs can reduce synovitis, but disease activity almost always recurs after therapy is stopped. Since adverse reactions are frequent, less than 50 percent of patients are able to continue a particular drug for more than one year. Since it takes three to 12 months to achieve maximal effects, those patients who are unable to continue the drug receive little benefit from it. Patients treated with alkylating agents have an increased risk of development of acute nonlymphocytic leukemia, and both alkylating agents and azathioprine are associated with the development of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Cyclophosphamide therapy increases the risk of ENTD carcinoma of the bladder ENTDEND
0	ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND (folic acid analogue). There is evidence that all four immunosuppressive drugs can reduce synovitis, but disease activity almost always recurs after therapy is stopped. Since adverse reactions are frequent, less than 50 percent of patients are able to continue a particular drug for more than one year. Since it takes three to 12 months to achieve maximal effects, those patients who are unable to continue the drug receive little benefit from it. Patients treated with alkylating agents have an increased risk of development of acute nonlymphocytic leukemia, and both alkylating agents and azathioprine are associated with the development of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Cyclophosphamide therapy increases the risk of ENTD carcinoma of the bladder ENTDEND
0	ENTD carcinoma of the bladder ENTDEND  There have been several long-term studies of patients with rheumatoid arthritis treated with ENTC azathioprine ENTCEND
0	ENTC alkylating agents ENTCEND and azathioprine are associated with the development of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Cyclophosphamide therapy increases the risk of ENTD carcinoma of the bladder ENTDEND
1	ENTC Cyclophosphamide ENTCEND therapy increases the risk of ENTD carcinoma of the bladder ENTDEND
0	ENTC folic acid ENTCEND analogue). There is evidence that all four immunosuppressive drugs can reduce synovitis, but disease activity almost always recurs after therapy is stopped. Since adverse reactions are frequent, less than 50 percent of patients are able to continue a particular drug for more than one year. Since it takes three to 12 months to achieve maximal effects, those patients who are unable to continue the drug receive little benefit from it. Patients treated with alkylating agents have an increased risk of development of acute nonlymphocytic leukemia, and both alkylating agents and azathioprine are associated with the development of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Cyclophosphamide therapy increases the risk of ENTD carcinoma of the bladder ENTDEND
0	ENTC chlorambucil ENTCEND (alkylating agents), azathioprine (purine analogue), and methotrexate (folic acid analogue). There is evidence that all four immunosuppressive drugs can reduce synovitis, but disease activity almost always recurs after therapy is stopped. Since adverse reactions are frequent, less than 50 percent of patients are able to continue a particular drug for more than one year. Since it takes three to 12 months to achieve maximal effects, those patients who are unable to continue the drug receive little benefit from it. Patients treated with alkylating agents have an increased risk of development of acute nonlymphocytic leukemia, and both alkylating agents and azathioprine are associated with the development of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Cyclophosphamide therapy increases the risk of ENTD carcinoma of the bladder ENTDEND
1	ENTD Haemolytic-uraemic syndrome ENTDEND  after treatment with ENTC metronidazole ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND agonists or COMT inhibitors. Extended follow-up studies of up to 8 years have demonstrated long-term persistence of apomorphine efficacy. In addition, there is convincing clinical evidence that monotherapy with continuous subcutaneous apomorphine infusions is associated with marked reductions of preexisting levodopa-induced dyskinesias. The main side effects of subcutaneous apomorphine treatment are related to cutaneous tolerability problems, whereas sedation and ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND
0	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND induced dyskinesias. The main side effects of subcutaneous apomorphine treatment are related to cutaneous tolerability problems, whereas sedation and ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND
0	ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND treatment are related to cutaneous tolerability problems, whereas sedation and ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND agonists or COMT inhibitors. Extended follow-up studies of up to 8 years have demonstrated long-term persistence of apomorphine efficacy. In addition, there is convincing clinical evidence that monotherapy with continuous subcutaneous apomorphine infusions is associated with marked reductions of preexisting levodopa-induced dyskinesias. The main side effects of subcutaneous apomorphine treatment are related to cutaneous tolerability problems, whereas sedation and psychiatric complications play a lesser role. Given the marked degree of efficacy of subcutaneous apomorphine treatment in fluctuating ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND induced dyskinesias. The main side effects of subcutaneous apomorphine treatment are related to cutaneous tolerability problems, whereas sedation and psychiatric complications play a lesser role. Given the marked degree of efficacy of subcutaneous apomorphine treatment in fluctuating ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND . ENTC Apomorphine ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND agonists or COMT inhibitors. Extended follow-up studies of up to 8 years have demonstrated long-term persistence of apomorphine efficacy. In addition, there is convincing clinical evidence that monotherapy with continuous subcutaneous apomorphine infusions is associated with marked reductions of preexisting levodopa-induced ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND
1	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND induced ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND
0	ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND  The main side effects of subcutaneous ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND
0	ENTC isoniazid ENTCEND increase hypotension induced by vasodilators and change the accompanying reflex ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND to bradycardia, an interaction attributed to decreased synthesis of brain gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In the present study, the possible enhancement by isoniazid of bradycardia induced by beta-adrenoceptor antagonists was determined in rats anaesthetised with chloralose-urethane. Isoniazid significantly increased bradycardia after propranolol, pindolol, ENTC labetalol ENTCEND
0	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND to bradycardia, an interaction attributed to decreased synthesis of brain gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In the present study, the possible enhancement by isoniazid of bradycardia induced by beta-adrenoceptor antagonists was determined in rats anaesthetised with ENTC chloralose ENTCEND
0	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND to bradycardia, an interaction attributed to decreased synthesis of brain gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In the present study, the possible enhancement by isoniazid of bradycardia induced by beta-adrenoceptor antagonists was determined in rats anaesthetised with chloralose-urethane. Isoniazid significantly increased bradycardia after propranolol, pindolol, labetalol and atenolol, as well as after clonidine, but not after hexamethonium or carbachol. Enhancement was not observed in rats pretreated with ENTC methylatropine ENTCEND
0	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND to bradycardia, an interaction attributed to decreased synthesis of brain gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In the present study, the possible enhancement by isoniazid of bradycardia induced by beta-adrenoceptor antagonists was determined in rats anaesthetised with chloralose-urethane. Isoniazid significantly increased bradycardia after propranolol, pindolol, labetalol and atenolol, as well as after clonidine, but not after hexamethonium or ENTC carbachol ENTCEND
0	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND to bradycardia, an interaction attributed to decreased synthesis of brain gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In the present study, the possible enhancement by isoniazid of bradycardia induced by beta-adrenoceptor antagonists was determined in rats anaesthetised with chloralose- ENTC urethane ENTCEND
0	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND to bradycardia, an interaction attributed to decreased synthesis of brain gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In the present study, the possible enhancement by isoniazid of bradycardia induced by beta-adrenoceptor antagonists was determined in rats anaesthetised with chloralose-urethane. Isoniazid significantly increased bradycardia after propranolol, pindolol, labetalol and atenolol, as well as after clonidine, but not after ENTC hexamethonium ENTCEND
0	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND to bradycardia, an interaction attributed to decreased synthesis of brain gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In the present study, the possible enhancement by isoniazid of bradycardia induced by beta-adrenoceptor antagonists was determined in rats anaesthetised with chloralose-urethane. Isoniazid significantly increased bradycardia after propranolol, pindolol, labetalol and atenolol, as well as after ENTC clonidine ENTCEND
0	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND to bradycardia, an interaction attributed to decreased synthesis of brain gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In the present study, the possible enhancement by isoniazid of bradycardia induced by beta-adrenoceptor antagonists was determined in rats anaesthetised with chloralose-urethane. Isoniazid significantly increased bradycardia after propranolol, ENTC pindolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND to bradycardia, an interaction attributed to decreased synthesis of brain ENTC gamma-aminobutyric acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND to bradycardia, an interaction attributed to decreased synthesis of brain gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In the present study, the possible enhancement by isoniazid of bradycardia induced by beta-adrenoceptor antagonists was determined in rats anaesthetised with chloralose-urethane. Isoniazid significantly increased bradycardia after propranolol, pindolol, labetalol and ENTC atenolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND to bradycardia, an interaction attributed to decreased synthesis of brain gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In the present study, the possible enhancement by isoniazid of bradycardia induced by beta-adrenoceptor antagonists was determined in rats anaesthetised with chloralose-urethane. Isoniazid significantly increased bradycardia after ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
1	ENTC isoniazid ENTCEND increase ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND induced by vasodilators and change the accompanying reflex tachycardia to bradycardia, an interaction attributed to decreased synthesis of brain gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In the present study, the possible enhancement by isoniazid of bradycardia induced by beta-adrenoceptor antagonists was determined in rats anaesthetised with chloralose-urethane. Isoniazid significantly increased bradycardia after propranolol, pindolol, ENTC labetalol ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND induced by vasodilators and change the accompanying reflex tachycardia to bradycardia, an interaction attributed to decreased synthesis of brain gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In the present study, the possible enhancement by isoniazid of bradycardia induced by beta-adrenoceptor antagonists was determined in rats anaesthetised with ENTC chloralose ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND induced by vasodilators and change the accompanying reflex tachycardia to bradycardia, an interaction attributed to decreased synthesis of brain gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In the present study, the possible enhancement by isoniazid of bradycardia induced by beta-adrenoceptor antagonists was determined in rats anaesthetised with chloralose-urethane. Isoniazid significantly increased bradycardia after propranolol, pindolol, labetalol and atenolol, as well as after clonidine, but not after hexamethonium or carbachol. Enhancement was not observed in rats pretreated with ENTC methylatropine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND induced by vasodilators and change the accompanying reflex tachycardia to bradycardia, an interaction attributed to decreased synthesis of brain gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In the present study, the possible enhancement by isoniazid of bradycardia induced by beta-adrenoceptor antagonists was determined in rats anaesthetised with chloralose-urethane. Isoniazid significantly increased bradycardia after propranolol, pindolol, labetalol and atenolol, as well as after clonidine, but not after hexamethonium or ENTC carbachol ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND induced by vasodilators and change the accompanying reflex tachycardia to bradycardia, an interaction attributed to decreased synthesis of brain gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In the present study, the possible enhancement by isoniazid of bradycardia induced by beta-adrenoceptor antagonists was determined in rats anaesthetised with chloralose- ENTC urethane ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND induced by vasodilators and change the accompanying reflex tachycardia to bradycardia, an interaction attributed to decreased synthesis of brain gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In the present study, the possible enhancement by isoniazid of bradycardia induced by beta-adrenoceptor antagonists was determined in rats anaesthetised with chloralose-urethane. Isoniazid significantly increased bradycardia after propranolol, pindolol, labetalol and atenolol, as well as after clonidine, but not after ENTC hexamethonium ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND induced by vasodilators and change the accompanying reflex tachycardia to bradycardia, an interaction attributed to decreased synthesis of brain gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In the present study, the possible enhancement by isoniazid of bradycardia induced by beta-adrenoceptor antagonists was determined in rats anaesthetised with chloralose-urethane. Isoniazid significantly increased bradycardia after propranolol, pindolol, labetalol and atenolol, as well as after ENTC clonidine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND induced by vasodilators and change the accompanying reflex tachycardia to bradycardia, an interaction attributed to decreased synthesis of brain gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In the present study, the possible enhancement by isoniazid of bradycardia induced by beta-adrenoceptor antagonists was determined in rats anaesthetised with chloralose-urethane. Isoniazid significantly increased bradycardia after propranolol, ENTC pindolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND induced by vasodilators and change the accompanying reflex tachycardia to bradycardia, an interaction attributed to decreased synthesis of brain ENTC gamma-aminobutyric acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND induced by vasodilators and change the accompanying reflex tachycardia to bradycardia, an interaction attributed to decreased synthesis of brain gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In the present study, the possible enhancement by isoniazid of bradycardia induced by beta-adrenoceptor antagonists was determined in rats anaesthetised with chloralose-urethane. Isoniazid significantly increased bradycardia after propranolol, pindolol, labetalol and ENTC atenolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND induced by vasodilators and change the accompanying reflex tachycardia to bradycardia, an interaction attributed to decreased synthesis of brain gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). In the present study, the possible enhancement by isoniazid of bradycardia induced by beta-adrenoceptor antagonists was determined in rats anaesthetised with chloralose-urethane. Isoniazid significantly increased bradycardia after ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
1	ENTC isoniazid ENTCEND of ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND after propranolol, pindolol, ENTC labetalol ENTCEND
0	ENTC chloralose ENTCEND urethane. Isoniazid significantly increased ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND after propranolol, pindolol, labetalol and atenolol, as well as after clonidine, but not after hexamethonium or carbachol. Enhancement was not observed in rats pretreated with ENTC methylatropine ENTCEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND after propranolol, pindolol, labetalol and atenolol, as well as after clonidine, but not after hexamethonium or ENTC carbachol ENTCEND
0	ENTC urethane ENTCEND  Isoniazid significantly increased ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND after propranolol, pindolol, labetalol and atenolol, as well as after clonidine, but not after ENTC hexamethonium ENTCEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND after propranolol, pindolol, labetalol and atenolol, as well as after ENTC clonidine ENTCEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND after propranolol, ENTC pindolol ENTCEND
0	ENTC GABA ENTCEND . In the present study, the possible enhancement by isoniazid of ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND after propranolol, pindolol, labetalol and ENTC atenolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND after ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND  extracellular ENTC ACh ENTCEND
1	ENTD convulsion ENTDEND endpoints induced by nicotine, ENTC carbachol ENTCEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND na  ve Withdrawal ENTD Seizure ENTDEND
0	ENTC Potassium ENTCEND was applied by reverse dialysis twice, separated by 75 min. Hippocampal ACh also was measured during testing for handling-induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
1	ENTD convulsion ENTDEND endpoints induced by ENTC nicotine ENTCEND
0	ENTC KCl ENTCEND was 2-fold higher in WSP versus WSR mice. When hippocampal ACh was measured during testing for handling-induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
1	ENTD convulsion ENTDEND endpoints induced by nicotine, carbachol, and ENTC neostigmine ENTCEND
0	ENTD tremor ENTDEND and clonus were recorded and converted to threshold dose. We also used microdialysis to measure basal and potassium-stimulated ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTC carbachol ENTCEND  or neostigmine via timed tail vein infusion, and the latencies to onset of ENTD tremor ENTDEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND na  ve Withdrawal Seizure-Prone (WSP) and-Resistant (WSR) mice. Animals were administered nicotine, carbachol, or neostigmine via timed tail vein infusion, and the latencies to onset of ENTD tremor ENTDEND
0	ENTD tremor ENTDEND and clonus were recorded and converted to threshold dose. We also used microdialysis to measure basal and ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTC nicotine ENTCEND  carbachol, or neostigmine via timed tail vein infusion, and the latencies to onset of ENTD tremor ENTDEND
0	ENTD tremor ENTDEND and clonus were recorded and converted to threshold dose. We also used microdialysis to measure basal and potassium-stimulated acetylcholine (ACh) release in the CA1 region of the hippocampus. Potassium was applied by reverse dialysis twice, separated by 75 min. Hippocampal ACh also was measured during testing for handling-induced convulsions. RESULTS: Sensitivity to several convulsion endpoints induced by nicotine, carbachol, and neostigmine were significantly greater in WSR versus WSP mice. In microdialysis experiments, the lines did not differ in basal release of ACh, and 50 mM ENTC KCl ENTCEND
0	ENTC neostigmine ENTCEND via timed tail vein infusion, and the latencies to onset of ENTD tremor ENTDEND
0	ENTC HBsAG ENTCEND -positive donors. Clinical ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND developed in 1.4% of HBIG and in 5.9% of ISG recipients (P = 0.016), and seroconversion (anti-HBs) occurred in 5.6% and 20.7% of them respectively (P less than 0.001). Mild and transient side-effects were noted in 3.0% of ISG and in 3.2% of HBIG recipients. Available donor sera were examined for DNA polymerase (DNAP) and e antigen and antibody ( ENTC HBeAg ENTCEND
0	ENTC HBsAg ENTCEND positive donors. ENTD Hepatitis B ENTDEND
1	ENTC HBeAg ENTCEND showed a highly statistically significant correlation with the infectivity of HBsAg-positive donors. ENTD Hepatitis B ENTDEND
1	ENTC morphine ENTCEND analgesia, catalepsy and ENTD hypothermia ENTDEND
0	ENTC naloxazone ENTCEND significantly blocked morphine analgesia, catalepsy and ENTD hypothermia ENTDEND
0	ENTC morphine ENTCEND ENTD analgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC naloxazone ENTCEND significantly blocked morphine ENTD analgesia ENTDEND
1	ENTC morphine ENTCEND induced ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC naloxazone ENTCEND significantly attenuated the morphine-induced ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
1	ENTC morphine ENTCEND induced ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC naloxazone ENTCEND significantly attenuated the morphine-induced hypotension and respiratory depression, whereas morphine-induced ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD respiratory depression ENTDEND  whereas ENTC morphine ENTCEND
0	ENTC naloxazone ENTCEND significantly attenuated the morphine-induced hypotension and ENTD respiratory depression ENTDEND
1	ENTC morphine ENTCEND analgesia, ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC naloxazone ENTCEND significantly blocked morphine analgesia, ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD ototoxic ENTDEND drugs, particularly aminoglycosides and ENTC furosemide ENTCEND
0	ENTD ototoxic ENTDEND drugs, particularly ENTC aminoglycosides ENTCEND
1	ENTD sensorineural hearing loss ENTDEND  Perinatal risk factors of infants with hearing loss were compared with those of two control groups matched for gestation and birth weight and for perinatal complications. Our observations demonstrated an association of hearing loss with a higher incidence of perinatal complications. Ototoxicity appeared closely related to a prolonged administration and higher total dose of ototoxic drugs, particularly aminoglycosides and ENTC furosemide ENTCEND
1	ENTD sensorineural hearing loss ENTDEND  Perinatal risk factors of infants with hearing loss were compared with those of two control groups matched for gestation and birth weight and for perinatal complications. Our observations demonstrated an association of hearing loss with a higher incidence of perinatal complications. Ototoxicity appeared closely related to a prolonged administration and higher total dose of ototoxic drugs, particularly ENTC aminoglycosides ENTCEND
0	ENTC furosemide ENTCEND  Finally, we strongly recommend to prospectively and regularly perform audiologic assessment in sick preterm children as ENTD hearing loss ENTDEND
0	ENTC aminoglycosides ENTCEND and furosemide. Finally, we strongly recommend to prospectively and regularly perform audiologic assessment in sick preterm children as ENTD hearing loss ENTDEND
0	ENTC Gentamicin sulfate ENTCEND and tobramycin sulfate continue to demonstrate ENTD ototoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC aminoglycoside ENTCEND antibiotics annually. Gentamicin sulfate and tobramycin sulfate continue to demonstrate ENTD ototoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC tobramycin sulfate ENTCEND continue to demonstrate ENTD ototoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND  of tobramycin and ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND  of tobramycin and gentamicin. A prospective study.Nearly 3.2 million people in this country receive ENTC aminoglycoside ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND  of ENTC tobramycin ENTCEND
1	ENTD renal failure ENTDEND  Thus, ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC aminoglycoside ENTCEND related ENTD renal failure ENTDEND
1	ENTD renal failure ENTDEND more than three times as often as was ENTC tobramycin ENTCEND
1	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND  due to ENTC isoniazid ENTCEND
0	ENTC pyridoxine ENTCEND  responsive ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTC isoniazid ENTCEND therapy 13 mg/kg daily from birth because of maternal ENTD tuberculosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC pyridoxine ENTCEND  responsive convulsions due to isoniazid therapy.A 17-day-old infant on isoniazid therapy 13 mg/kg daily from birth because of maternal ENTD tuberculosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC carmofur ENTCEND induced leukoencephalopathy may uncommonly result in organic personality syndrome in the residual state. It may be attributed to the ENTD structural damage to the frontal lobe ENTDEND
1	ENTC carmofur ENTCEND induced ENTD leukoencephalopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC carmofur ENTCEND induced leukoencephalopathy may uncommonly result in ENTD organic personality syndrome ENTDEND
1	ENTC Carmofur ENTCEND -induced ENTD organic mental disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTC sertraline ENTCEND  on time-based sensitization of ENTD cognitive impairment ENTDEND
1	ENTD cognitive impairment ENTDEND  with ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND
0	ENTD Cardiac toxicity ENTDEND  observed in association with high-dose cyclophosphamide-based chemotherapy for metastatic breast cancer.INTRODUCTION: Cyclophosphamide is an alkylating agent given frequently as a component of many conditioning regimens. In high doses, its nonhematological dose-limiting toxicity is cardiomyopathy. STUDY DESIGN: We combined paclitaxel, melphalan and high-dose cyclophosphamide, ENTC thiotepa ENTCEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND related ENTD cardiac toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD Cardiac toxicity ENTDEND  observed in association with high-dose cyclophosphamide-based chemotherapy for metastatic breast cancer.INTRODUCTION: Cyclophosphamide is an alkylating agent given frequently as a component of many conditioning regimens. In high doses, its nonhematological dose-limiting toxicity is cardiomyopathy. STUDY DESIGN: We combined paclitaxel, melphalan and high-dose cyclophosphamide, thiotepa, and ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC anthracyclines ENTCEND  and left-sided chest irradiation. RESULTS: Six of 61 women (10%) developed clinically reversible grade 3 CHF following infusional cyclophosphamide with a median percent decline in ejection fraction of 31%. Incidence of transient cyclophosphamide-related ENTD cardiac toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD Cardiac toxicity ENTDEND  observed in association with high-dose cyclophosphamide-based chemotherapy for metastatic breast cancer.INTRODUCTION: Cyclophosphamide is an alkylating agent given frequently as a component of many conditioning regimens. In high doses, its nonhematological dose-limiting toxicity is cardiomyopathy. STUDY DESIGN: We combined paclitaxel, ENTC melphalan ENTCEND
0	ENTD Cardiac toxicity ENTDEND  observed in association with high-dose cyclophosphamide-based chemotherapy for metastatic breast cancer.INTRODUCTION: Cyclophosphamide is an alkylating agent given frequently as a component of many conditioning regimens. In high doses, its nonhematological dose-limiting toxicity is cardiomyopathy. STUDY DESIGN: We combined ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND is cardiomyopathy. STUDY DESIGN: We combined paclitaxel, melphalan and high-dose cyclophosphamide, ENTC thiotepa ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND is cardiomyopathy. STUDY DESIGN: We combined paclitaxel, melphalan and high-dose ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND is cardiomyopathy. STUDY DESIGN: We combined paclitaxel, melphalan and high-dose cyclophosphamide, thiotepa, and ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND is cardiomyopathy. STUDY DESIGN: We combined paclitaxel, melphalan and high-dose cyclophosphamide, thiotepa, and carboplatin in a triple sequential high-dose regimen for patients with metastatic breast cancer. Analysis was performed on 61 women with chemotherapy-responsive metastatic breast cancer receiving 96-h infusional cyclophosphamide as part of a triple sequential high-dose regimen to assess association between presence of peritransplant congestive heart failure (CHF) and the following pretreatment characteristics: presence of electrocardiogram (EKG) abnormalities, age, hypertension, prior cardiac history, smoking, diabetes mellitus, prior use of ENTC anthracyclines ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND is cardiomyopathy. STUDY DESIGN: We combined paclitaxel, ENTC melphalan ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND is cardiomyopathy. STUDY DESIGN: We combined ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND
0	ENTC thiotepa ENTCEND  and carboplatin in a triple sequential high-dose regimen for patients with metastatic breast cancer. Analysis was performed on 61 women with chemotherapy-responsive metastatic breast cancer receiving 96-h infusional cyclophosphamide as part of a triple sequential high-dose regimen to assess association between presence of peritransplant congestive heart failure (CHF) and the following pretreatment characteristics: presence of electrocardiogram (EKG) abnormalities, age, ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  prior cardiac history, smoking, diabetes mellitus, prior use of anthracyclines, and left-sided chest irradiation. RESULTS: Six of 61 women (10%) developed clinically reversible grade 3 CHF following infusional ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND in a triple sequential high-dose regimen for patients with metastatic breast cancer. Analysis was performed on 61 women with chemotherapy-responsive metastatic breast cancer receiving 96-h infusional cyclophosphamide as part of a triple sequential high-dose regimen to assess association between presence of peritransplant congestive heart failure (CHF) and the following pretreatment characteristics: presence of electrocardiogram (EKG) abnormalities, age, ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  prior cardiac history, smoking, diabetes mellitus, prior use of ENTC anthracyclines ENTCEND
0	ENTC melphalan ENTCEND and high-dose cyclophosphamide, thiotepa, and carboplatin in a triple sequential high-dose regimen for patients with metastatic breast cancer. Analysis was performed on 61 women with chemotherapy-responsive metastatic breast cancer receiving 96-h infusional cyclophosphamide as part of a triple sequential high-dose regimen to assess association between presence of peritransplant congestive heart failure (CHF) and the following pretreatment characteristics: presence of electrocardiogram (EKG) abnormalities, age, ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND  melphalan and high-dose cyclophosphamide, thiotepa, and carboplatin in a triple sequential high-dose regimen for patients with metastatic breast cancer. Analysis was performed on 61 women with chemotherapy-responsive metastatic breast cancer receiving 96-h infusional cyclophosphamide as part of a triple sequential high-dose regimen to assess association between presence of peritransplant congestive heart failure (CHF) and the following pretreatment characteristics: presence of electrocardiogram (EKG) abnormalities, age, ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTC thiotepa ENTCEND  and carboplatin in a triple sequential high-dose regimen for patients with metastatic ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND .INTRODUCTION: ENTC Cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND in a triple sequential high-dose regimen for patients with metastatic ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND receiving 96-h infusional cyclophosphamide as part of a triple sequential high-dose regimen to assess association between presence of peritransplant congestive heart failure (CHF) and the following pretreatment characteristics: presence of electrocardiogram (EKG) abnormalities, age, hypertension, prior cardiac history, smoking, diabetes mellitus, prior use of ENTC anthracyclines ENTCEND
0	ENTC melphalan ENTCEND and high-dose cyclophosphamide, thiotepa, and carboplatin in a triple sequential high-dose regimen for patients with metastatic ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND  melphalan and high-dose cyclophosphamide, thiotepa, and carboplatin in a triple sequential high-dose regimen for patients with metastatic ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTC thiotepa ENTCEND  and carboplatin in a triple sequential high-dose regimen for patients with metastatic breast cancer. Analysis was performed on 61 women with chemotherapy-responsive metastatic breast cancer receiving 96-h infusional cyclophosphamide as part of a triple sequential high-dose regimen to assess association between presence of peritransplant congestive heart failure (CHF) and the following pretreatment characteristics: presence of electrocardiogram (EKG) abnormalities, age, hypertension, prior cardiac history, smoking, ENTD diabetes mellitus ENTDEND
0	ENTD diabetes mellitus ENTDEND  prior use of anthracyclines, and left-sided chest irradiation. RESULTS: Six of 61 women (10%) developed clinically reversible grade 3 CHF following infusional ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND in a triple sequential high-dose regimen for patients with metastatic breast cancer. Analysis was performed on 61 women with chemotherapy-responsive metastatic breast cancer receiving 96-h infusional cyclophosphamide as part of a triple sequential high-dose regimen to assess association between presence of peritransplant congestive heart failure (CHF) and the following pretreatment characteristics: presence of electrocardiogram (EKG) abnormalities, age, hypertension, prior cardiac history, smoking, ENTD diabetes mellitus ENTDEND
0	ENTD diabetes mellitus ENTDEND  prior use of ENTC anthracyclines ENTCEND
0	ENTC melphalan ENTCEND and high-dose cyclophosphamide, thiotepa, and carboplatin in a triple sequential high-dose regimen for patients with metastatic breast cancer. Analysis was performed on 61 women with chemotherapy-responsive metastatic breast cancer receiving 96-h infusional cyclophosphamide as part of a triple sequential high-dose regimen to assess association between presence of peritransplant congestive heart failure (CHF) and the following pretreatment characteristics: presence of electrocardiogram (EKG) abnormalities, age, hypertension, prior cardiac history, smoking, ENTD diabetes mellitus ENTDEND
0	ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND  melphalan and high-dose cyclophosphamide, thiotepa, and carboplatin in a triple sequential high-dose regimen for patients with metastatic breast cancer. Analysis was performed on 61 women with chemotherapy-responsive metastatic breast cancer receiving 96-h infusional cyclophosphamide as part of a triple sequential high-dose regimen to assess association between presence of peritransplant congestive heart failure (CHF) and the following pretreatment characteristics: presence of electrocardiogram (EKG) abnormalities, age, hypertension, prior cardiac history, smoking, ENTD diabetes mellitus ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND  STUDY DESIGN: We combined paclitaxel, melphalan and high-dose cyclophosphamide, ENTC thiotepa ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND  STUDY DESIGN: We combined paclitaxel, melphalan and high-dose ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND  STUDY DESIGN: We combined paclitaxel, melphalan and high-dose cyclophosphamide, thiotepa, and ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND  STUDY DESIGN: We combined paclitaxel, melphalan and high-dose cyclophosphamide, thiotepa, and carboplatin in a triple sequential high-dose regimen for patients with metastatic breast cancer. Analysis was performed on 61 women with chemotherapy-responsive metastatic breast cancer receiving 96-h infusional cyclophosphamide as part of a triple sequential high-dose regimen to assess association between presence of peritransplant congestive heart failure (CHF) and the following pretreatment characteristics: presence of electrocardiogram (EKG) abnormalities, age, hypertension, prior cardiac history, smoking, diabetes mellitus, prior use of ENTC anthracyclines ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND  STUDY DESIGN: We combined paclitaxel, ENTC melphalan ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND  STUDY DESIGN: We combined ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND
0	ENTC thiotepa ENTCEND  and carboplatin in a triple sequential high-dose regimen for patients with metastatic breast cancer. Analysis was performed on 61 women with chemotherapy-responsive metastatic breast cancer receiving 96-h infusional cyclophosphamide as part of a triple sequential high-dose regimen to assess association between presence of peritransplant ENTD congestive heart failure ENTDEND
1	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND did not predict ENTD CHF ENTDEND
0	ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND in a triple sequential high-dose regimen for patients with metastatic breast cancer. Analysis was performed on 61 women with chemotherapy-responsive metastatic breast cancer receiving 96-h infusional cyclophosphamide as part of a triple sequential high-dose regimen to assess association between presence of peritransplant ENTD congestive heart failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC anthracyclines ENTCEND  and left-sided chest irradiation. RESULTS: Six of 61 women (10%) developed clinically reversible grade 3 ENTD CHF ENTDEND
0	ENTC melphalan ENTCEND and high-dose cyclophosphamide, thiotepa, and carboplatin in a triple sequential high-dose regimen for patients with metastatic breast cancer. Analysis was performed on 61 women with chemotherapy-responsive metastatic breast cancer receiving 96-h infusional cyclophosphamide as part of a triple sequential high-dose regimen to assess association between presence of peritransplant ENTD congestive heart failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND  melphalan and high-dose cyclophosphamide, thiotepa, and carboplatin in a triple sequential high-dose regimen for patients with metastatic breast cancer. Analysis was performed on 61 women with chemotherapy-responsive metastatic breast cancer receiving 96-h infusional cyclophosphamide as part of a triple sequential high-dose regimen to assess association between presence of peritransplant ENTD congestive heart failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD cortical laminar necrosis ENTDEND  Diffusion-weighted imaging may be useful in predicting the outcomes of the lesions of ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND who developed ENTD neurologic complications ENTDEND
0	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND who developed neurologic complications. In each patient who had abnormalities on the initial MR study, a follow-up MR study was performed 1 month later. Apparent diffusion coefficient (ADC) values on the initial MR study were correlated with reversibility of the lesions. Of the 14 patients, 5 (35.7%) had white matter abnormalities, 1 (7.1%) had ENTD putaminal hemorrhage ENTDEND
1	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND who developed neurologic complications. In each patient who had abnormalities on the initial MR study, a follow-up MR study was performed 1 month later. Apparent diffusion coefficient (ADC) values on the initial MR study were correlated with reversibility of the lesions. Of the 14 patients, 5 (35.7%) had ENTD white matter abnormalities ENTDEND
0	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND -induced ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD pituitary tumors ENTDEND were discovered after ENTC testosterone ENTCEND
0	ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND for hyperprolactinemia. RESULTS: Testosterone was less than 3 ng./ml. in 107 patients but normal in 40% at repeat determination. The prevalence of repeatedly low testosterone increased with age (4% before age 50 years and 9% 50 years or older). Two ENTD pituitary tumors ENTDEND
0	ENTC testosterone heptylate ENTCEND or human chorionic gonadotropin for hypogonadism and bromocriptine for hyperprolactinemia. RESULTS: Testosterone was less than 3 ng./ml. in 107 patients but normal in 40% at repeat determination. The prevalence of repeatedly low testosterone increased with age (4% before age 50 years and 9% 50 years or older). Two ENTD pituitary tumors ENTDEND
0	ENTC testosterone ENTCEND levels seemed to result from nonorganic ENTD hypothalamic dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND for hyperprolactinemia. RESULTS: Testosterone was less than 3 ng./ml. in 107 patients but normal in 40% at repeat determination. The prevalence of repeatedly low testosterone increased with age (4% before age 50 years and 9% 50 years or older). Two pituitary tumors were discovered after testosterone determination. Most of the other low testosterone levels seemed to result from nonorganic ENTD hypothalamic dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC testosterone heptylate ENTCEND or human chorionic gonadotropin for hypogonadism and bromocriptine for hyperprolactinemia. RESULTS: Testosterone was less than 3 ng./ml. in 107 patients but normal in 40% at repeat determination. The prevalence of repeatedly low testosterone increased with age (4% before age 50 years and 9% 50 years or older). Two pituitary tumors were discovered after testosterone determination. Most of the other low testosterone levels seemed to result from nonorganic ENTD hypothalamic dysfunction ENTDEND
1	ENTC testosterone ENTCEND only in cases of ENTD low sexual desire ENTDEND
0	ENTD low sexual desire ENTDEND  small testes and gynecomastia. Endocrine therapy consisted of testosterone heptylate or human chorionic gonadotropin for hypogonadism and ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND
0	ENTD low sexual desire ENTDEND  small testes and gynecomastia. Endocrine therapy consisted of ENTC testosterone heptylate ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypogonadism ENTDEND and bromocriptine for hyperprolactinemia. RESULTS: ENTC Testosterone ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypogonadism ENTDEND and ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND
0	ENTC testosterone heptylate ENTCEND or human chorionic gonadotropin for ENTD hypogonadism ENTDEND
0	ENTC testosterone ENTCEND  including 37% of those subsequently improved by androgen therapy. Prolactin exceeded 20 ng./ml. in 5 men and was normal in 2 at repeat determination. Only 1 ENTD prolactinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD prolactinomas ENTDEND in 7, 0.38%). ENTC Bromocriptine ENTCEND
0	ENTD gynecomastia ENTDEND or ENTC testosterone ENTCEND
0	ENTD gynecomastia ENTDEND  Endocrine therapy consisted of testosterone heptylate or human chorionic gonadotropin for hypogonadism and ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND
0	ENTD gynecomastia ENTDEND  Endocrine therapy consisted of ENTC testosterone heptylate ENTCEND
0	ENTC testosterone ENTCEND and high prolactin in ENTD erectile dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTD erectile dysfunction ENTDEND and systematic prolactin determination. Main clinical criteria tested regarding efficiency in hormone determination were low sexual desire, small testes and gynecomastia. Endocrine therapy consisted of testosterone heptylate or human chorionic gonadotropin for hypogonadism and ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND
0	ENTD erectile dysfunction ENTDEND and systematic prolactin determination. Main clinical criteria tested regarding efficiency in hormone determination were low sexual desire, small testes and gynecomastia. Endocrine therapy consisted of ENTC testosterone heptylate ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperprolactinemia ENTDEND  RESULTS: ENTC Testosterone ENTCEND
0	ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND for ENTD hyperprolactinemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC testosterone heptylate ENTCEND or human chorionic gonadotropin for hypogonadism and bromocriptine for ENTD hyperprolactinemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC yohimbine ENTCEND included excessive sweating, increased ENTD anxiety ENTDEND
0	ENTC clomipramine ENTCEND  This study evaluated yohimbine as a treatment for the sexual side effects caused by serotonin reuptake blockers. METHOD: Six patients with either obsessive compulsive disorder, trichotillomania, ENTD anxiety ENTDEND
0	ENTD anxiety ENTDEND  or affective disorders who suffered sexual side effects after treatment with ENTC serotonin ENTCEND
0	ENTD trichotillomania ENTDEND  anxiety, or affective disorders who suffered sexual side effects after treatment with serotonin reuptake blockers were given ENTC yohimbine ENTCEND
0	ENTC clomipramine ENTCEND  This study evaluated yohimbine as a treatment for the sexual side effects caused by serotonin reuptake blockers. METHOD: Six patients with either obsessive compulsive disorder, ENTD trichotillomania ENTDEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND reuptake blockers. METHOD: Six patients with either obsessive compulsive disorder, ENTD trichotillomania ENTDEND
0	ENTD affective disorders ENTDEND who suffered sexual side effects after treatment with serotonin reuptake blockers were given ENTC yohimbine ENTCEND
0	ENTC clomipramine ENTCEND  This study evaluated yohimbine as a treatment for the sexual side effects caused by serotonin reuptake blockers. METHOD: Six patients with either obsessive compulsive disorder, trichotillomania, anxiety, or ENTD affective disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTD affective disorders ENTDEND who suffered sexual side effects after treatment with ENTC serotonin ENTCEND
0	ENTC Yohimbine ENTCEND  treatment of ENTD sexual side effects ENTDEND
1	ENTD sexual side effects ENTDEND of ENTC clomipramine ENTCEND
0	ENTD sexual side effects ENTDEND caused by ENTC serotonin ENTCEND
0	ENTD male impotence ENTDEND  A single case report suggests that ENTC yohimbine ENTCEND
0	ENTD male impotence ENTDEND  A single case report suggests that yohimbine may be used to treat the sexual side effects of ENTC clomipramine ENTCEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND  reuptake blockers.BACKGROUND: Preclinical and clinical studies suggest that yohimbine facilitates sexual behavior and may be helpful in the treatment of ENTD male impotence ENTDEND
0	ENTC yohimbine ENTCEND as a treatment for the sexual side effects caused by serotonin reuptake blockers. METHOD: Six patients with either ENTD obsessive compulsive disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTC clomipramine ENTCEND  This study evaluated yohimbine as a treatment for the sexual side effects caused by serotonin reuptake blockers. METHOD: Six patients with either ENTD obsessive compulsive disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND reuptake blockers. METHOD: Six patients with either ENTD obsessive compulsive disorder ENTDEND
1	ENTD Hypersensitivity ENTDEND  immune reaction as a mechanism for ENTC dilevalol ENTCEND
1	ENTC dilevalol ENTCEND induced ENTD liver injury ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND ENTD overdose ENTDEND
1	ENTD cerebral edema ENTDEND  associated with fulminant hepatic failure in ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND
1	ENTD hepatic failure ENTDEND  in ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND
1	ENTC isoproterenol ENTCEND induced ENTD myocardial damage ENTDEND
0	ENTD myocardial damage ENTDEND is unknown, but a mismatch of ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
1	ENTD ischaemic injury ENTDEND  explain the severe alterations in the structural integrity of the sarcolemma of cardiomyocytes and hence severe and irreversible injury induced by ENTC isoproterenol ENTCEND
0	ENTC isoproterenol ENTCEND induced myocardial damage is unknown, but a mismatch of oxygen supply vs. demand following coronary ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND supply vs. demand following coronary ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC 5-azacytidine ENTCEND at embryonic day 13.5 (E13.5), let the embryos develop exo utero until E18.5, and re-observed the same embryos at E18.5. We confirmed several cases of transformation from exencephaly to anencephaly. However, in many cases, the exencephalic brain tissue was preserved with more or less reduction during this period. To analyze the transformation patterns, we classified the exencephaly by size and shape of the exencephalic tissue into several types at E13.5 and E18.5. It was found that the transformation of exencephalic tissue was not simply size-dependent, and all cases of anencephaly at E18.5 resulted from embryos with a large amount of exencephalic tissue at E13.5. Microscopic observation showed the configuration of exencephaly at E13.5, frequent ENTD hemorrhaging ENTDEND
1	ENTC 5-azacytidine ENTCEND at embryonic day 13.5 (E13.5), let the embryos develop exo utero until E18.5, and re-observed the same embryos at E18.5. We confirmed several cases of transformation from exencephaly to ENTD anencephaly ENTDEND
0	ENTD exencephaly ENTDEND induced by ENTC 5-azacytidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND related aneurysms. This group was compared with a control group of 135 patients with ruptured aneurysms and no history of cocaine abuse. Age at presentation, time of ictus after intoxication, Hunt and Hess grade of ENTD subarachnoid hemorrhage ENTDEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND related ENTD aneurysms ENTDEND
1	ENTC Cocaine ENTCEND use predisposed ENTD aneurysmal rupture ENTDEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND related aneurysms. This group was compared with a control group of 135 patients with ruptured aneurysms and no history of ENTD cocaine abuse ENTDEND
0	ENTD Intracranial aneurysms ENTDEND  and cocaine abuse: analysis of prognostic indicators.OBJECTIVE: The outcome of subarachnoid hemorrhage associated with cocaine abuse is reportedly poor. However, no study in the literature has reported the use of a statistical model to analyze the variables that influence outcome. METHODS: A review of admissions during a 6-year period revealed 14 patients with ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC terbutaline ENTCEND for ENTD preterm labor ENTDEND
1	ENTD Cardiovascular complications ENTDEND  associated with ENTC terbutaline ENTCEND
0	ENTC carbon tetrachloride ENTCEND -induced ENTD cirrhosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC Phenobarbitone ENTCEND -induced enlargement of the liver in the rat: its relationship to carbon tetrachloride-induced ENTD cirrhosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbon tetrachloride ENTCEND -induced cirrhosis.The yield of severe cirrhosis of the liver (defined as a shrunken finely nodular liver with micronodular histology, ENTD ascites ENTDEND
0	ENTD ascites ENTDEND greater than 30 ml, plasma albumin less than 2.2 g/dl, splenomegaly 2-3 times normal, and testicular atrophy approximately half normal weight) after 12 doses of carbon tetrachloride given intragastrically in the ENTC phenobarbitone ENTCEND
1	ENTC carbon tetrachloride ENTCEND -induced cirrhosis.The yield of severe ENTD cirrhosis of the liver ENTDEND
1	ENTC Phenobarbitone ENTCEND -induced enlargement of the liver in the rat: its relationship to carbon tetrachloride-induced cirrhosis.The yield of severe ENTD cirrhosis of the liver ENTDEND
0	ENTD atrophy ENTDEND approximately half normal weight) after 12 doses of ENTC carbon tetrachloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD atrophy ENTDEND approximately half normal weight) after 12 doses of carbon tetrachloride given intragastrically in the ENTC phenobarbitone ENTCEND
0	ENTD enlargement of the liver ENTDEND  in the rat: its relationship to ENTC carbon tetrachloride ENTCEND
1	ENTC Phenobarbitone ENTCEND -induced ENTD enlargement of the liver ENTDEND
0	ENTD splenomegaly ENTDEND 2-3 times normal, and testicular atrophy approximately half normal weight) after 12 doses of ENTC carbon tetrachloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD splenomegaly ENTDEND 2-3 times normal, and testicular atrophy approximately half normal weight) after 12 doses of carbon tetrachloride given intragastrically in the ENTC phenobarbitone ENTCEND
1	ENTC alfentanil ENTCEND -induced ENTD rigidity ENTDEND
0	ENTC halothane ENTCEND anesthesia. In the five rats that developed ENTD somatic rigidity ENTDEND
0	ENTD rigidity ENTDEND was abolished with ENTC metocurine ENTCEND
1	ENTD bruising ENTDEND on the ENTC heparin ENTCEND
1	ENTC heparin ENTCEND  injection on bruising and ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD absence seizures ENTDEND  Of 18 consecutive referrals of children with resistant typical absences only, eight were erroneously treated with carbamazepine either as monotherapy or as an add-on. Vigabatrin was also used in the treatment of two children. Frequency of absences increased in four children treated with carbamazepine and two of these developed myoclonic jerks, which resolved on withdrawal of carbamazepine. Absences were aggravated in both cases where vigabatrin was added on to concurrent treatment. Optimal control of the absences was achieved with ENTC sodium valproate ENTCEND
1	ENTD absence seizures ENTDEND . ENTC Carbamazepine ENTCEND
0	ENTD absence seizures ENTDEND  Of 18 consecutive referrals of children with resistant typical absences only, eight were erroneously treated with carbamazepine either as monotherapy or as an add-on. Vigabatrin was also used in the treatment of two children. Frequency of absences increased in four children treated with carbamazepine and two of these developed myoclonic jerks, which resolved on withdrawal of carbamazepine. Absences were aggravated in both cases where vigabatrin was added on to concurrent treatment. Optimal control of the absences was achieved with sodium valproate, ENTC lamotrigine ENTCEND
0	ENTD absence seizures ENTDEND  Of 18 consecutive referrals of children with resistant typical absences only, eight were erroneously treated with carbamazepine either as monotherapy or as an add-on. Vigabatrin was also used in the treatment of two children. Frequency of absences increased in four children treated with carbamazepine and two of these developed myoclonic jerks, which resolved on withdrawal of carbamazepine. Absences were aggravated in both cases where vigabatrin was added on to concurrent treatment. Optimal control of the absences was achieved with sodium valproate, lamotrigine, or ENTC ethosuximide ENTCEND
1	ENTC vigabatrin ENTCEND  in typical ENTD absence seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD myoclonic jerks ENTDEND  which resolved on withdrawal of carbamazepine. Absences were aggravated in both cases where vigabatrin was added on to concurrent treatment. Optimal control of the absences was achieved with ENTC sodium valproate ENTCEND
1	ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND and two of these developed ENTD myoclonic jerks ENTDEND
0	ENTD myoclonic jerks ENTDEND  which resolved on withdrawal of carbamazepine. Absences were aggravated in both cases where vigabatrin was added on to concurrent treatment. Optimal control of the absences was achieved with sodium valproate, ENTC lamotrigine ENTCEND
0	ENTD myoclonic jerks ENTDEND  which resolved on withdrawal of carbamazepine. Absences were aggravated in both cases where vigabatrin was added on to concurrent treatment. Optimal control of the absences was achieved with sodium valproate, lamotrigine, or ENTC ethosuximide ENTCEND
0	ENTD myoclonic jerks ENTDEND  which resolved on withdrawal of carbamazepine. Absences were aggravated in both cases where ENTC vigabatrin ENTCEND
1	ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiotoxic ENTDEND effects of adriamycin were studied in mammalian myocardial cells in culture as a model system. Adriamycin inhibited cell growth and the rhythmic contractions characteristic of myocardial cells in culture. A possible involvement of energy metabolism was suggested previously, and in this study the adenylate energy charge and phosphorylcreatine mole fraction were determined in the adriamycin-treated cells. The adenylate energy charge was found to be significantly decreased, while the phophorylcreatine mole fraction was unchanged. Such disparity suggests an inhibition of creatine phosphokinase. The addition of 1 mM adenosine to the myocardial cell cultures markedly increases the ENTC ATP ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiotoxic ENTDEND effects of adriamycin were studied in mammalian myocardial cells in culture as a model system. Adriamycin inhibited cell growth and the rhythmic contractions characteristic of myocardial cells in culture. A possible involvement of energy metabolism was suggested previously, and in this study the adenylate energy charge and phosphorylcreatine mole fraction were determined in the adriamycin-treated cells. The adenylate energy charge was found to be significantly decreased, while the phophorylcreatine mole fraction was unchanged. Such disparity suggests an inhibition of creatine phosphokinase. The addition of 1 mM ENTC adenosine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiotoxic ENTDEND effects of adriamycin were studied in mammalian myocardial cells in culture as a model system. Adriamycin inhibited cell growth and the rhythmic contractions characteristic of myocardial cells in culture. A possible involvement of energy metabolism was suggested previously, and in this study the adenylate energy charge and ENTC phosphorylcreatine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiotoxic ENTDEND effects of adriamycin were studied in mammalian myocardial cells in culture as a model system. Adriamycin inhibited cell growth and the rhythmic contractions characteristic of myocardial cells in culture. A possible involvement of energy metabolism was suggested previously, and in this study the adenylate energy charge and phosphorylcreatine mole fraction were determined in the adriamycin-treated cells. The adenylate energy charge was found to be significantly decreased, while the phophorylcreatine mole fraction was unchanged. Such disparity suggests an inhibition of ENTC creatine ENTCEND
0	ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND : 2 case reports.Sedation has been commonly used in the neonate to decrease the stress and ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD hydronephrosis ENTDEND as a result of continuous infusion of ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND
1	ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND administration include chest wall rigidity, ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
1	ENTD urinary bladder retention ENTDEND leading to renal pelvocalyceal dilatation mimicking hydronephrosis as a result of continuous infusion of ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND
1	ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND administration include chest wall rigidity, hypotension, respiratory depression, and ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
1	ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND administration include chest wall rigidity, hypotension, ENTD respiratory depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND administration include ENTD chest wall rigidity ENTDEND
1	ENTD retention of urine ENTDEND  as a result of continuous intravenous infusion of ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND
1	ENTC lamivudine ENTCEND  and indinavir or vehicle control for 10 days or 35 days. At termination of the experiments, mice underwent echocardiography, quantitation of abundance of molecular markers of ENTD CM ENTDEND
1	ENTC indinavir ENTCEND or vehicle control for 10 days or 35 days. At termination of the experiments, mice underwent echocardiography, quantitation of abundance of molecular markers of ENTD CM ENTDEND
1	ENTC zidovudine ENTCEND  lamivudine, and indinavir or vehicle control for 10 days or 35 days. At termination of the experiments, mice underwent echocardiography, quantitation of abundance of molecular markers of ENTD CM ENTDEND
0	ENTD CM ENTDEND with elevated ENTC LA ENTCEND
0	ENTD CM ENTDEND (ventricular mRNA encoding atrial natriuretic factor [ANF] and sarcoplasmic ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD mitochondrial dysfunction ENTDEND  To determine mitochondrial events from HAART in vivo, 8-week-old hemizygous transgenic AIDS mice (NL4-3Delta gag/pol; TG) and wild-type FVB/n littermates were treated with the HAART combination of zidovudine, ENTC lamivudine ENTCEND
0	ENTD mitochondrial dysfunction ENTDEND  To determine mitochondrial events from HAART in vivo, 8-week-old hemizygous transgenic AIDS mice (NL4-3Delta gag/pol; TG) and wild-type FVB/n littermates were treated with the HAART combination of zidovudine, lamivudine, and ENTC indinavir ENTCEND
0	ENTD mitochondrial dysfunction ENTDEND  To determine mitochondrial events from HAART in vivo, 8-week-old hemizygous transgenic AIDS mice (NL4-3Delta gag/pol; TG) and wild-type FVB/n littermates were treated with the HAART combination of ENTC zidovudine ENTCEND
0	ENTC LA ENTCEND  in AIDS through mechanisms of ENTD mitochondrial dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTD mitochondrial dysfunction ENTDEND  To determine mitochondrial events from HAART in vivo, 8-week-old hemizygous transgenic AIDS mice (NL4-3Delta gag/pol; TG) and wild-type FVB/n littermates were treated with the HAART combination of zidovudine, lamivudine, and indinavir or vehicle control for 10 days or 35 days. At termination of the experiments, mice underwent echocardiography, quantitation of abundance of molecular markers of CM (ventricular mRNA encoding atrial natriuretic factor [ANF] and sarcoplasmic ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD AIDS ENTDEND mice (NL4-3Delta gag/pol; TG) and wild-type FVB/n littermates were treated with the HAART combination of zidovudine, ENTC lamivudine ENTCEND
0	ENTD AIDS ENTDEND mice (NL4-3Delta gag/pol; TG) and wild-type FVB/n littermates were treated with the HAART combination of zidovudine, lamivudine, and ENTC indinavir ENTCEND
0	ENTD AIDS ENTDEND mice (NL4-3Delta gag/pol; TG) and wild-type FVB/n littermates were treated with the HAART combination of ENTC zidovudine ENTCEND
0	ENTC LA ENTCEND in ENTD AIDS ENTDEND
0	ENTD AIDS ENTDEND mice (NL4-3Delta gag/pol; TG) and wild-type FVB/n littermates were treated with the HAART combination of zidovudine, lamivudine, and indinavir or vehicle control for 10 days or 35 days. At termination of the experiments, mice underwent echocardiography, quantitation of abundance of molecular markers of CM (ventricular mRNA encoding atrial natriuretic factor [ANF] and sarcoplasmic ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC MK-801 ENTCEND binding in cortex. This animal model may be useful to explore the mechanisms by which prenatal ENTD nutritional deficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND binding and decreased dopamine transporter binding in striatum. No statistically significant changes in behavior or receptor binding were found in PD males with the exception of increased (3)H-MK-801 binding in cortex. This animal model may be useful to explore the mechanisms by which prenatal ENTD nutritional deficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND transporter binding in striatum. No statistically significant changes in behavior or receptor binding were found in PD males with the exception of increased (3)H-MK-801 binding in cortex. This animal model may be useful to explore the mechanisms by which prenatal ENTD nutritional deficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTC H ENTCEND MK-801 binding in cortex. This animal model may be useful to explore the mechanisms by which prenatal ENTD nutritional deficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND or ENTC MK-801 ENTCEND
1	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND in adulthood. These differences were not observed during puberty. No changes in haloperidol-induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND or MK-801-induced locomotion were seen following PD. In addition, PD female rats showed increased (3)H-MK-801 binding in the striatum and hippocampus, but not in the cortex. PD female rats also showed increased (3)H-haloperidol binding and decreased ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND or MK-801-induced locomotion were seen following PD. In addition, PD female rats showed increased (3) ENTC H ENTCEND
0	ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND and an increased locomotor response to amphetamine in adulthood. These differences were not observed during puberty. No changes in haloperidol-induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC MK-801 ENTCEND binding in cortex. This animal model may be useful to explore the mechanisms by which prenatal nutritional deficiency enhances risk for ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND  We report that prenatally protein deprived (PD) female rats showed an increased stereotypic response to apomorphine and an increased locomotor response to amphetamine in adulthood. These differences were not observed during puberty. No changes in ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND
0	ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND  We report that prenatally protein deprived (PD) female rats showed an increased stereotypic response to apomorphine and an increased locomotor response to ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND -mediated behaviors and dopaminergic and glutamatergic receptor binding.Epidemiological evidence indicates that prenatal nutritional deprivation may increase the risk of ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND
0	ENTC H ENTCEND MK-801 binding in cortex. This animal model may be useful to explore the mechanisms by which prenatal nutritional deficiency enhances risk for ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND  We report that prenatally protein deprived (PD) female rats showed an increased stereotypic response to ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND
1	ENTD myocardial hypertrophy ENTDEND  induced by ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac toxicity ENTDEND  Herein we describe transient myocardial hypertrophy induced by ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD edema ENTDEND and mild myocardial hypertrophy; neither cellular nor humoral rejection was detected. The blood ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND after heart transplantation. The ENTD hypertrophy ENTDEND
1	ENTD deafness ENTDEND occurred only in rats treated during the preweaning period; within this period the greatest sensitivities for these abnormalities occurred from 2 to 11-17 and 5 to 11 days of age, respectively, indicating that the cochlea is more sensitive to ENTC streptomycin ENTCEND
1	ENTC streptomycin ENTCEND than the site (vestibular or central) responsible for the ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurotoxic ENTDEND  effects of ENTC streptomycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD ocular hypertension ENTDEND with a mean (+/-SD) age of 63 (+/-8) years were randomized and crossed over in a double-masked manner to 14 days of treatment with placebo (morning and evening in both eyes), ENTC timolol ENTCEND
1	ENTC timolol ENTCEND gellan decrease the mean 24-hour heart rate compared with placebo. This response was most pronounced during the active daytime period. These data quantify the modest ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC timolol ENTCEND gellan) on the 24-hour heart rate in patients currently being treated for ENTD glaucoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC timolol ENTCEND gellan) on the 24-hour heart rate in patients currently being treated for glaucoma to quantify the reduction in mean heart rate. METHODS: Forty-three Caucasian patients with primary ENTD open-angle glaucoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND inpatients treated with ENTC clozapine ENTCEND
1	ENTD Delirium ENTDEND  during ENTC clozapine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND  The most common cause of this syndrome is an interaction between a monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) and a specific serotonin reuptake inhibitor. Venlafaxine is a new antidepressant agent that inhibits the reuptake of serotonin and ENTC norepinephrine ENTCEND
1	ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND  The most common cause of this syndrome is an interaction between a monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) and a specific serotonin reuptake inhibitor. ENTC Venlafaxine ENTCEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND excess that consists of shivering, muscle rigidity, salivation, confusion, agitation and ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND
1	ENTC tranylcypromine ENTCEND  interaction.Excessive stimulation of serotonin 5HT1A receptors causes a syndrome of serotonin excess that consists of shivering, muscle rigidity, salivation, confusion, agitation and ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND i.v. he remained tremulous with muscle rigidity and clenched jaws. He was intubated for airway protection and because of hypoventilation, and was paralyzed to control muscle rigidity. His subsequent course was remarkable for non-immune ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD confusion ENTDEND  agitation and hyperthermia. The most common cause of this syndrome is an interaction between a monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) and a specific serotonin reuptake inhibitor. Venlafaxine is a new antidepressant agent that inhibits the reuptake of serotonin and ENTC norepinephrine ENTCEND
1	ENTC venlafaxine ENTCEND -tranylcypromine interaction.Excessive stimulation of serotonin 5HT1A receptors causes a syndrome of serotonin excess that consists of shivering, muscle rigidity, salivation, ENTD confusion ENTDEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND excess that consists of shivering, muscle rigidity, salivation, ENTD confusion ENTDEND
1	ENTC tranylcypromine ENTCEND  interaction.Excessive stimulation of serotonin 5HT1A receptors causes a syndrome of serotonin excess that consists of shivering, muscle rigidity, salivation, ENTD confusion ENTDEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND i.v. he remained tremulous with muscle rigidity and clenched jaws. He was intubated for airway protection and because of hypoventilation, and was paralyzed to control muscle rigidity. His subsequent course was remarkable for non-immune thrombocytopenia which resolved. The patient's maximal temperature was 101.2 F and his CPK remained < 500 units/L with no other evidence of ENTD rhabdomyolysis ENTDEND
0	ENTD agitation ENTDEND and hyperthermia. The most common cause of this syndrome is an interaction between a monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) and a specific serotonin reuptake inhibitor. Venlafaxine is a new antidepressant agent that inhibits the reuptake of serotonin and ENTC norepinephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTD agitation ENTDEND and hyperthermia. The most common cause of this syndrome is an interaction between a monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) and a specific serotonin reuptake inhibitor. ENTC Venlafaxine ENTCEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND excess that consists of shivering, muscle rigidity, salivation, confusion, ENTD agitation ENTDEND
0	ENTC tranylcypromine ENTCEND  interaction.Excessive stimulation of serotonin 5HT1A receptors causes a syndrome of serotonin excess that consists of shivering, muscle rigidity, salivation, confusion, ENTD agitation ENTDEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND i.v. he remained tremulous with muscle rigidity and clenched jaws. He was intubated for airway protection and because of ENTD hypoventilation ENTDEND
0	ENTD salivation ENTDEND and diaphoresis. His pupils were 7 mm and sluggishly reactive to light. Vital signs were: blood pressure 120/67 mm Hg, heart rate 127/min, respiratory rate 28/min, and temperature 97 F. After 180 mg of ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTD salivation ENTDEND  confusion, agitation and hyperthermia. The most common cause of this syndrome is an interaction between a monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) and a specific serotonin reuptake inhibitor. Venlafaxine is a new antidepressant agent that inhibits the reuptake of serotonin and ENTC norepinephrine ENTCEND
1	ENTC venlafaxine ENTCEND -tranylcypromine interaction.Excessive stimulation of serotonin 5HT1A receptors causes a syndrome of serotonin excess that consists of shivering, muscle rigidity, ENTD salivation ENTDEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND excess that consists of shivering, muscle rigidity, ENTD salivation ENTDEND
1	ENTC tranylcypromine ENTCEND  interaction.Excessive stimulation of serotonin 5HT1A receptors causes a syndrome of serotonin excess that consists of shivering, muscle rigidity, ENTD salivation ENTDEND
0	ENTD myoclonic jerks ENTDEND  rigidity, salivation and diaphoresis. His pupils were 7 mm and sluggishly reactive to light. Vital signs were: blood pressure 120/67 mm Hg, heart rate 127/min, respiratory rate 28/min, and temperature 97 F. After 180 mg of ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTC norepinephrine ENTCEND  We report a venlafaxine-MAOI interaction that resulted in the serotonin syndrome in a 23-y-old male who was taking tranylcypromine for depression. He had been well until the morning of presentation when he took 1/2 tab of venlafaxine. Within 2 h he became confused with jerking movements of his extremities, tremors and rigidity. He was brought directly to a hospital where he was found to be agitated and confused with shivering, ENTD myoclonic jerks ENTDEND
1	ENTC venlafaxine ENTCEND  Within 2 h he became confused with jerking movements of his extremities, tremors and rigidity. He was brought directly to a hospital where he was found to be agitated and confused with shivering, ENTD myoclonic jerks ENTDEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND and norepinephrine. We report a venlafaxine-MAOI interaction that resulted in the serotonin syndrome in a 23-y-old male who was taking tranylcypromine for depression. He had been well until the morning of presentation when he took 1/2 tab of venlafaxine. Within 2 h he became confused with jerking movements of his extremities, tremors and rigidity. He was brought directly to a hospital where he was found to be agitated and confused with shivering, ENTD myoclonic jerks ENTDEND
1	ENTC tranylcypromine ENTCEND for depression. He had been well until the morning of presentation when he took 1/2 tab of venlafaxine. Within 2 h he became confused with jerking movements of his extremities, tremors and rigidity. He was brought directly to a hospital where he was found to be agitated and confused with shivering, ENTD myoclonic jerks ENTDEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND i.v. he remained tremulous with ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND
0	ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND  salivation, confusion, agitation and hyperthermia. The most common cause of this syndrome is an interaction between a monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) and a specific serotonin reuptake inhibitor. Venlafaxine is a new antidepressant agent that inhibits the reuptake of serotonin and ENTC norepinephrine ENTCEND
1	ENTC venlafaxine ENTCEND  Within 2 h he became confused with jerking movements of his extremities, tremors and ENTD rigidity ENTDEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND excess that consists of shivering, ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND
1	ENTC tranylcypromine ENTCEND  interaction.Excessive stimulation of serotonin 5HT1A receptors causes a syndrome of serotonin excess that consists of shivering, ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND
0	ENTC norepinephrine ENTCEND  We report a venlafaxine-MAOI interaction that resulted in the ENTD serotonin syndrome ENTDEND
1	ENTD Serotonin syndrome ENTDEND  from ENTC venlafaxine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Serotonin syndrome ENTDEND  from venlafaxine-tranylcypromine interaction.Excessive stimulation of ENTC serotonin ENTCEND
1	ENTD Serotonin syndrome ENTDEND  from venlafaxine ENTC tranylcypromine ENTCEND
0	ENTC norepinephrine ENTCEND  We report a venlafaxine-MAOI interaction that resulted in the serotonin syndrome in a 23-y-old male who was taking tranylcypromine for ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND  He had been well until the morning of presentation when he took 1/2 tab of ENTC venlafaxine ENTCEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND and norepinephrine. We report a venlafaxine-MAOI interaction that resulted in the serotonin syndrome in a 23-y-old male who was taking tranylcypromine for ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC tranylcypromine ENTCEND for ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTD tremors ENTDEND and rigidity. He was brought directly to a hospital where he was found to be agitated and confused with shivering, myoclonic jerks, rigidity, salivation and diaphoresis. His pupils were 7 mm and sluggishly reactive to light. Vital signs were: blood pressure 120/67 mm Hg, heart rate 127/min, respiratory rate 28/min, and temperature 97 F. After 180 mg of ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTC norepinephrine ENTCEND  We report a venlafaxine-MAOI interaction that resulted in the serotonin syndrome in a 23-y-old male who was taking tranylcypromine for depression. He had been well until the morning of presentation when he took 1/2 tab of venlafaxine. Within 2 h he became confused with jerking movements of his extremities, ENTD tremors ENTDEND
1	ENTC venlafaxine ENTCEND  Within 2 h he became confused with jerking movements of his extremities, ENTD tremors ENTDEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND and norepinephrine. We report a venlafaxine-MAOI interaction that resulted in the serotonin syndrome in a 23-y-old male who was taking tranylcypromine for depression. He had been well until the morning of presentation when he took 1/2 tab of venlafaxine. Within 2 h he became confused with jerking movements of his extremities, ENTD tremors ENTDEND
1	ENTC tranylcypromine ENTCEND for depression. He had been well until the morning of presentation when he took 1/2 tab of venlafaxine. Within 2 h he became confused with jerking movements of his extremities, ENTD tremors ENTDEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND i.v. he remained tremulous with muscle rigidity and clenched jaws. He was intubated for airway protection and because of hypoventilation, and was ENTD paralyzed ENTDEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND use is frequently associated with ENTD intracranial aneurysms ENTDEND
1	ENTD subarachnoid hemorrhage ENTDEND in 13 (29%). These data indicate that (1) the apparent incidence of stroke related to ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD stroke ENTDEND after ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
1	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND associated stroke, the frequency of intracranial hemorrhage exceeds that of ENTD cerebral infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND associated stroke, the frequency of ENTD intracranial hemorrhage ENTDEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND use by inhalation, intranasal, intravenous, and intramuscular routes. Intracranial aneurysms or arteriovenous malformations were present in 17 of 32 patients studied angiographically or at autopsy; ENTD cerebral vasculitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD arteriovenous malformations ENTDEND  and (5) in ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
1	ENTD intracerebral hemorrhage ENTDEND in 22 (49%), and subarachnoid hemorrhage in 13 (29%). These data indicate that (1) the apparent incidence of stroke related to ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
1	ENTC tolazamide ENTCEND -induced ENTD Wernicke's encephalopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD Wernicke's encephalopathy ENTDEND .We studied a ENTC thiamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Wernicke's encephalopathy ENTDEND had abnormal transketolase as determined by its Km for ENTC TPP ENTCEND
0	ENTD diabetic ENTDEND patient who developed Wernicke's encephalopathy when treated with ENTC tolazamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC thiamine ENTCEND dependent enzyme, transketolase, from fibroblasts of a ENTD diabetic ENTDEND
0	ENTD diabetic ENTDEND kindreds with no history of Wernicke's encephalopathy had abnormal transketolase as determined by its Km for ENTC TPP ENTCEND
0	ENTD Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome ENTDEND and the patient with ENTC tolazamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC thiamine ENTCEND dependent enzyme, transketolase, from fibroblasts of a diabetic patient who developed Wernicke's encephalopathy when treated with tolazamide, in order to delineate if this patient also had transketolase abnormality [high Km for thiamine pyrophosphate (TPP)], as previously reported in postalcoholic ENTD Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC TPP ENTCEND ], as previously reported in postalcoholic ENTD Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC isoflurane ENTCEND anesthesia, the MCA of 14 spontaneously hypertensive rats was occluded. In the control group (n = 7), the mean arterial pressure (MAP) was not manipulated. In the hypertensive group (n = 7), the MAP was elevated by 25-30 mm Hg beginning 2 h after MCAO. Four hours after MCAO, the rats were killed and the brains harvested. The brains were sectioned along coronal planes spanning the distribution of ENTD ischemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC 2,3,5-triphenyltetrazolium ENTCEND staining. In the ENTD ischemic ENTDEND
0	ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND induced hypertension instituted 2 h after MCAO does not aggravate edema in the ENTD ischemic ENTDEND
0	ENTC isoflurane ENTCEND anesthesia, the MCA of 14 spontaneously ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND
0	ENTC 2,3,5-triphenyltetrazolium ENTCEND staining. In the ischemic core, there was no difference in SG in the subcortex and cortex in the two groups. In the periphery of the ischemic territory, SG in the cortex was greater (less edema accumulation) in the ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND
1	ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND induced ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD neuronal injury ENTDEND was determined by ENTC 2,3,5-triphenyltetrazolium ENTCEND
0	ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND induced hypertension instituted 2 h after MCAO does not aggravate edema in the ischemic core, that it improves edema in the periphery of the ischemic territory, and that it reduces the area of histochemical ENTD neuronal dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTD MCAO ENTDEND  on brain edema formation and histochemical injury was studied. Under ENTC isoflurane ENTCEND
0	ENTD MCAO ENTDEND  Specific gravity (SG) was determined in the subcortex and in two sites in the cortex (core and periphery of the ischemic territory). The extent of neuronal injury was determined by ENTC 2,3,5-triphenyltetrazolium ENTCEND
0	ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND induced hypertension instituted 2 h after ENTD MCAO ENTDEND
0	ENTC 2,3,5-triphenyltetrazolium ENTCEND staining. In the ischemic core, there was no difference in SG in the subcortex and cortex in the two groups. In the periphery of the ischemic territory, SG in the cortex was greater (less ENTD edema ENTDEND
0	ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND induced hypertension instituted 2 h after MCAO does not aggravate ENTD edema ENTDEND
0	ENTD brain edema ENTDEND formation and histochemical injury was studied. Under ENTC isoflurane ENTCEND
0	ENTD cerebral ischemia ENTDEND : effect on brain edema.The effect of induced hypertension instituted after a 2-h delay following middle cerebral artery occlusion (MCAO) on brain edema formation and histochemical injury was studied. Under ENTC isoflurane ENTCEND
0	ENTC nitroglycerin ENTCEND seems to depend on direct stimulation of the habitual site of ENTD pain ENTDEND
1	ENTD migraine ENTDEND inducing effect of ENTC nitroglycerin ENTCEND
0	ENTC fluconazole ENTCEND is administered in patients who are at risk for ENTD ventricular arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND currents. In our patient, there was no other etiology identified that could explain QT prolongation or TDP The complete disappearance of NSVT and premature ventricular contractions followed by normalization of QT interval after the drug was stopped strongly suggests fluconazole as the etiology. CONCLUSIONS: Clinicians should be aware that fluconazole, even at low doses, may cause prolongation of the QT interval, leading to TDP. Serial electrocardiographic monitoring may be considered when fluconazole is administered in patients who are at risk for ENTD ventricular arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTC fluconazole ENTCEND  even at low doses, may cause ENTD prolongation of the QT interval ENTDEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND currents. In our patient, there was no other etiology identified that could explain ENTD QT prolongation ENTDEND
0	ENTC fluconazole ENTCEND was discontinued; however, the patient continued to have premature ventricular contractions and nonsustained ENTD ventricular tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND currents. In our patient, there was no other etiology identified that could explain QT prolongation or TDP The complete disappearance of ENTD NSVT ENTDEND
0	ENTC fluconazole ENTCEND The patient had no other risk factors for TDP, including coronary artery disease, ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND  congestive heart failure, and electrolyte abnormalities There was a temporal association between the initiation of fluconazole and TDP. The TDP resolved when fluconazole was discontinued; however, the patient continued to have premature ventricular contractions and nonsustained ventricular tachycardia (NSVT) until six days after drug cessation DISCUSSION: Use of the Naranjo probability scale indicates a probable relationship between the use of fluconazole and the development of TDP. The possible mechanism is depression of rapidly activating delayed rectifier ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTD congestive heart failure ENTDEND  and electrolyte abnormalities There was a temporal association between the initiation of ENTC fluconazole ENTCEND
0	ENTD congestive heart failure ENTDEND  and electrolyte abnormalities There was a temporal association between the initiation of fluconazole and TDP. The TDP resolved when fluconazole was discontinued; however, the patient continued to have premature ventricular contractions and nonsustained ventricular tachycardia (NSVT) until six days after drug cessation DISCUSSION: Use of the Naranjo probability scale indicates a probable relationship between the use of fluconazole and the development of TDP. The possible mechanism is depression of rapidly activating delayed rectifier ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTC fluconazole ENTCEND and the development of TDP. The possible mechanism is ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND of rapidly activating delayed rectifier ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTC fluconazole ENTCEND The patient had no other risk factors for TDP, including ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND  cardiomyopathy, congestive heart failure, and electrolyte abnormalities There was a temporal association between the initiation of fluconazole and TDP. The TDP resolved when fluconazole was discontinued; however, the patient continued to have premature ventricular contractions and nonsustained ventricular tachycardia (NSVT) until six days after drug cessation DISCUSSION: Use of the Naranjo probability scale indicates a probable relationship between the use of fluconazole and the development of TDP. The possible mechanism is depression of rapidly activating delayed rectifier ENTC potassium ENTCEND
1	ENTC fluconazole ENTCEND and ENTD TDP ENTDEND
0	ENTD TDP ENTDEND  The possible mechanism is depression of rapidly activating delayed rectifier ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTC fluconazole ENTCEND was discontinued; however, the patient continued to have ENTD premature ventricular contractions ENTDEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND currents. In our patient, there was no other etiology identified that could explain QT prolongation or TDP The complete disappearance of NSVT and ENTD premature ventricular contractions ENTDEND
0	ENTD weight gain ENTDEND over 8 weeks of treatment. The ENTC CBZ ENTCEND
0	ENTD weight gain ENTDEND  Seizures induced by ENTC hexafluorodiethyl ether ENTCEND
0	ENTC propylene glycol ENTCEND  by itself in high doses, was found to exhibit protective properties against induced seizures and inhibited ENTD weight gain ENTDEND
0	ENTD weight gain ENTDEND over 8 weeks of treatment. The CBZ levels measured in plasma and brain of these animals, however, were below those normally considered protective. This treatment with CBZ had no apparent adverse effect on ENTC folate ENTCEND
0	ENTC CBZ ENTCEND than ENTD seizures ENTDEND
1	ENTC HFDE ENTCEND induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC propylene glycol ENTCEND  by itself in high doses, was found to exhibit protective properties against induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC folate ENTCEND concentrations in the rat. In the course of developing this model, a common vehicle, propylene glycol, by itself in high doses, was found to exhibit protective properties against induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND  treatment in the rat: efficacy, ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND , and effect on plasma and tissue folate concentrations.Folate depletion has often been a problem in chronic antiepileptic drug (AED) therapy. Carbamazepine (CBZ), a commonly used AED, has been implicated in some clinical studies. A rat model was developed to examine the effects of chronic CBZ treatment on folate concentrations in the rat. In the course of developing this model, a common vehicle, propylene glycol, by itself in high doses, was found to exhibit protective properties against induced seizures and inhibited weight gain. Seizures induced by ENTC hexafluorodiethyl ether ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND , and effect on plasma and tissue folate concentrations.Folate depletion has often been a problem in chronic antiepileptic drug (AED) therapy. Carbamazepine (CBZ), a commonly used AED, has been implicated in some clinical studies. A rat model was developed to examine the effects of chronic CBZ treatment on folate concentrations in the rat. In the course of developing this model, a common vehicle, ENTC propylene glycol ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND , and effect on plasma and tissue ENTC folate ENTCEND
0	ENTC co-trimoxazole ENTCEND  treatment for Pneumocystis pneumonia in ENTD HIV-infected ENTDEND
1	ENTD intrahepatic cholestasis ENTDEND  and in one patient lesions mimicking liver abscess formation on radiologic exams, during ENTC co-trimoxazole ENTCEND
0	ENTD cholestasis ENTDEND  after high-dose ENTC co-trimoxazole ENTCEND
0	ENTD liver abscess ENTDEND formation on radiologic exams, during ENTC co-trimoxazole ENTCEND
0	ENTC co-trimoxazole ENTCEND treatment for ENTD PCP ENTDEND
0	ENTD opportunistic infection ENTDEND in HIV-infected individuals, is generally treated with high doses of ENTC co-trimoxazole ENTCEND
1	ENTC pemoline ENTCEND therapy. The ENTD choreoathetoid ENTDEND
0	ENTC methylphenidate ENTCEND without success. This was their first day of pemoline therapy. The ENTD choreoathetoid ENTDEND
0	ENTD choreoathetosis ENTDEND : case report and review of the literature.BACKGROUND: Pemoline is an oxazolidine derivative that is structurally different from ENTC amphetamines ENTCEND
0	ENTC benzodiazepines ENTCEND in an attempt to control the ENTD choreoathetoid ENTDEND
0	ENTD choreoathetosis ENTDEND : case report and review of the literature.BACKGROUND: Pemoline is an ENTC oxazolidine ENTCEND
1	ENTC pemoline ENTCEND ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTC benzodiazepines ENTCEND in an attempt to control the choreoathetoid movements. Despite treatment, the children continued to have choreoathetosis for approximately 24 hours. Forty-eight hours after admission, the children appeared to be at their baseline and were discharged home. CONCLUSION: Pemoline associated movement disorder has been rarely reported in the acute toxicology literature. The possibility of choreoathetoid movements should be considered in patients presenting after pemoline ENTD overdose ENTDEND
1	ENTC pemoline ENTCEND therapy. The ENTD choreoathetoid ENTDEND
0	ENTC methylphenidate ENTCEND without success. This was their first day of pemoline therapy. The ENTD choreoathetoid ENTDEND
0	ENTD choreoathetosis ENTDEND : case report and review of the literature.BACKGROUND: Pemoline is an oxazolidine derivative that is structurally different from ENTC amphetamines ENTCEND
0	ENTC benzodiazepines ENTCEND in an attempt to control the ENTD choreoathetoid ENTDEND
0	ENTD choreoathetosis ENTDEND : case report and review of the literature.BACKGROUND: Pemoline is an ENTC oxazolidine ENTCEND
0	ENTD attention deficit disorder ENTDEND  ENTC Pemoline ENTCEND
0	ENTD attention deficit disorder ENTDEND previously treated with ENTC methylphenidate ENTCEND
0	ENTC amphetamines ENTCEND and used in the treatment of ENTD attention deficit disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTD attention deficit disorder ENTDEND previously treated with methylphenidate without success. This was their first day of pemoline therapy. The choreoathetoid movements began 45 min to 1 h after ingestion. The children gave no history of prior movement disorders and there was no family history of movement disorders. The children received gastrointestinal decontamination and high doses of intravenous ENTC benzodiazepines ENTCEND
0	ENTC oxazolidine ENTCEND derivative that is structurally different from amphetamines and used in the treatment of ENTD attention deficit disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTC Pemoline ENTCEND associated ENTD movement disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTC methylphenidate ENTCEND without success. This was their first day of pemoline therapy. The choreoathetoid movements began 45 min to 1 h after ingestion. The children gave no history of prior ENTD movement disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTC amphetamines ENTCEND and used in the treatment of attention deficit disorder. Pemoline has not been commonly associated in the literature as a cause of acute ENTD movement disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTD movement disorders ENTDEND  The children received gastrointestinal decontamination and high doses of intravenous ENTC benzodiazepines ENTCEND
0	ENTC oxazolidine ENTCEND derivative that is structurally different from amphetamines and used in the treatment of attention deficit disorder. Pemoline has not been commonly associated in the literature as a cause of acute ENTD movement disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND 'off' signs and ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
1	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND induced ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND
1	ENTC Ethambutol ENTCEND -associated ENTD optic neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD bitemporal hemianopia ENTDEND  CLINICAL PICTURE: Three patients with ENTC ethambutol ENTCEND
0	ENTC Ethambutol ENTCEND is used in the treatment of ENTD tuberculosis ENTDEND
1	ENTD loss of visual function ENTDEND  CONCLUSIONS: ENTC Ethambutol ENTCEND
1	ENTC cinacalcet ENTCEND (33 versus 86%), the most frequent of which ( ENTD nausea ENTDEND
1	ENTC desipramine ENTCEND with cinacalcet (33 versus 86%), the most frequent of which ( ENTD nausea ENTDEND
1	ENTC cinacalcet ENTCEND (33 versus 86%), the most frequent of which (nausea and ENTD headache ENTDEND
1	ENTD headache ENTDEND  have been reported for patients treated with either ENTC desipramine ENTCEND
1	ENTC pentazocine ENTCEND induced ENTD myopathy ENTDEND
1	ENTD Compression neuropathy of the radial nerve ENTDEND  due to ENTC pentazocine ENTCEND
1	ENTC pentazocine ENTCEND -induced ENTD fibrous myopathy ENTDEND
1	ENTD Compression neuropathy of the radial nerve ENTDEND  due to ENTC pentazocine ENTCEND
0	ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND  dominating the pediatric analgesic and antipyretic market. ENTD Reye syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTD Reye syndrome ENTDEND  Aspirin or ENTC salicylate ENTCEND
1	ENTD Reye syndrome ENTDEND  ENTC Aspirin ENTCEND
1	ENTC testosterone ENTCEND  is associated with ENTD atherosclerosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC estradiol- and testosterone esters ENTCEND  and aortic ENTD atherosclerosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND use. No association was found for hormone use less than 1 year. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that high-dose testosterone therapy may adversely affect ENTD atherosclerosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC cholesterol ENTCEND level, systolic blood pressure, or alcohol use. No association was found for hormone use less than 1 year. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that high-dose testosterone therapy may adversely affect ENTD atherosclerosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC estrogen ENTCEND testosterone therapy (estradiol- and testosterone esters) and aortic ENTD atherosclerosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD diabetes ENTDEND  cholesterol level, systolic blood pressure, or alcohol use. No association was found for hormone use less than 1 year. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that high-dose ENTC testosterone ENTCEND
0	ENTC estradiol- and testosterone esters ENTCEND  and aortic atherosclerosis. Aortic atherosclerosis was diagnosed by radiographic detection of calcified deposits in the abdominal aorta, which have been shown to reflect intima atherosclerosis. Hormone therapy users were compared with never users. RESULTS: Intramuscular hormone therapy use for 1 year or longer was reported by 25 women. In almost half of these women severe atherosclerosis of the aorta was present (n=11), while in women without hormone use severe atherosclerosis of the aorta was present in less than 20% (OR 3.1; 95% CI, 1.1-8.5, adjusted for age, years since menopause, smoking, and body mass index). The association remained after additional adjustment for ENTD diabetes ENTDEND
0	ENTD diabetes ENTDEND  cholesterol level, systolic blood pressure, or ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTD diabetes ENTDEND  ENTC cholesterol ENTCEND
0	ENTC estrogen ENTCEND testosterone therapy (estradiol- and testosterone esters) and aortic atherosclerosis. Aortic atherosclerosis was diagnosed by radiographic detection of calcified deposits in the abdominal aorta, which have been shown to reflect intima atherosclerosis. Hormone therapy users were compared with never users. RESULTS: Intramuscular hormone therapy use for 1 year or longer was reported by 25 women. In almost half of these women severe atherosclerosis of the aorta was present (n=11), while in women without hormone use severe atherosclerosis of the aorta was present in less than 20% (OR 3.1; 95% CI, 1.1-8.5, adjusted for age, years since menopause, smoking, and body mass index). The association remained after additional adjustment for ENTD diabetes ENTDEND
0	ENTC Isoniazid ENTCEND was the most frequent agent in drug-induced neuropathy. Migraine (20%) was not an uncommon cause of ENTD cranial neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC thiamine ENTCEND and riboflavin was common (10.1%) and presented mainly as sensory and sensori-motor neuropathy. Diabetes mellitus was the major cause of autonomic neuropathy. Isoniazid was the most frequent agent in drug-induced neuropathy. Migraine (20%) was not an uncommon cause of ENTD cranial neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC riboflavin ENTCEND was common (10.1%) and presented mainly as sensory and sensori-motor neuropathy. Diabetes mellitus was the major cause of autonomic neuropathy. Isoniazid was the most frequent agent in drug-induced neuropathy. Migraine (20%) was not an uncommon cause of ENTD cranial neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC Isoniazid ENTCEND was the most frequent agent in drug-induced neuropathy. ENTD Migraine ENTDEND
0	ENTC thiamine ENTCEND and riboflavin was common (10.1%) and presented mainly as sensory and sensori-motor neuropathy. Diabetes mellitus was the major cause of autonomic neuropathy. Isoniazid was the most frequent agent in drug-induced neuropathy. ENTD Migraine ENTDEND
0	ENTC riboflavin ENTCEND was common (10.1%) and presented mainly as sensory and sensori-motor neuropathy. Diabetes mellitus was the major cause of autonomic neuropathy. Isoniazid was the most frequent agent in drug-induced neuropathy. ENTD Migraine ENTDEND
0	ENTD autonomic neuropathy ENTDEND  ENTC Isoniazid ENTCEND
0	ENTC thiamine ENTCEND and riboflavin was common (10.1%) and presented mainly as sensory and sensori-motor neuropathy. Diabetes mellitus was the major cause of ENTD autonomic neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC riboflavin ENTCEND was common (10.1%) and presented mainly as sensory and sensori-motor neuropathy. Diabetes mellitus was the major cause of ENTD autonomic neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD Diabetes mellitus ENTDEND was the major cause of autonomic neuropathy. ENTC Isoniazid ENTCEND
0	ENTC thiamine ENTCEND and riboflavin was common (10.1%) and presented mainly as sensory and sensori-motor neuropathy. ENTD Diabetes mellitus ENTDEND
0	ENTC riboflavin ENTCEND was common (10.1%) and presented mainly as sensory and sensori-motor neuropathy. ENTD Diabetes mellitus ENTDEND
0	ENTC Isoniazid ENTCEND was the most frequent agent in drug-induced neuropathy. Migraine (20%) was not an uncommon cause of cranial neuropathy although ENTD malignancies ENTDEND
0	ENTC thiamine ENTCEND and riboflavin was common (10.1%) and presented mainly as sensory and sensori-motor neuropathy. Diabetes mellitus was the major cause of autonomic neuropathy. Isoniazid was the most frequent agent in drug-induced neuropathy. Migraine (20%) was not an uncommon cause of cranial neuropathy although ENTD malignancies ENTDEND
0	ENTC riboflavin ENTCEND was common (10.1%) and presented mainly as sensory and sensori-motor neuropathy. Diabetes mellitus was the major cause of autonomic neuropathy. Isoniazid was the most frequent agent in drug-induced neuropathy. Migraine (20%) was not an uncommon cause of cranial neuropathy although ENTD malignancies ENTDEND
0	ENTD Guillain-Barr   syndrome ENTDEND was the commonest identifiable cause (15.6%), accounting for half of the cases with motor neuropathy. Peripheral neuropathy due to nutritional deficiency of thiamine and riboflavin was common (10.1%) and presented mainly as sensory and sensori-motor neuropathy. Diabetes mellitus was the major cause of autonomic neuropathy. ENTC Isoniazid ENTCEND
0	ENTD Guillain-Barr   syndrome ENTDEND was the commonest identifiable cause (15.6%), accounting for half of the cases with motor neuropathy. Peripheral neuropathy due to nutritional deficiency of ENTC thiamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Guillain-Barr   syndrome ENTDEND was the commonest identifiable cause (15.6%), accounting for half of the cases with motor neuropathy. Peripheral neuropathy due to nutritional deficiency of thiamine and ENTC riboflavin ENTCEND
0	ENTC Isoniazid ENTCEND was the most frequent agent in drug-induced neuropathy. Migraine (20%) was not an uncommon cause of cranial neuropathy although malignancies arising from the reticuloendothelial system or related structures of the head and neck were more frequent (26%). In 26.5% of all the cases, the aetiology of the neuropathy was undetermined. Heredofamilial and ENTD connective tissue disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTC thiamine ENTCEND and riboflavin was common (10.1%) and presented mainly as sensory and sensori-motor neuropathy. Diabetes mellitus was the major cause of autonomic neuropathy. Isoniazid was the most frequent agent in drug-induced neuropathy. Migraine (20%) was not an uncommon cause of cranial neuropathy although malignancies arising from the reticuloendothelial system or related structures of the head and neck were more frequent (26%). In 26.5% of all the cases, the aetiology of the neuropathy was undetermined. Heredofamilial and ENTD connective tissue disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTC riboflavin ENTCEND was common (10.1%) and presented mainly as sensory and sensori-motor neuropathy. Diabetes mellitus was the major cause of autonomic neuropathy. Isoniazid was the most frequent agent in drug-induced neuropathy. Migraine (20%) was not an uncommon cause of cranial neuropathy although malignancies arising from the reticuloendothelial system or related structures of the head and neck were more frequent (26%). In 26.5% of all the cases, the aetiology of the neuropathy was undetermined. Heredofamilial and ENTD connective tissue disorders ENTDEND
1	ENTD sensori-motor neuropathy ENTDEND  Diabetes mellitus was the major cause of autonomic neuropathy. ENTC Isoniazid ENTCEND
1	ENTD Peripheral neuropathy ENTDEND due to nutritional deficiency of ENTC thiamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD Peripheral neuropathy ENTDEND due to nutritional deficiency of thiamine and ENTC riboflavin ENTCEND
0	ENTD nutritional deficiency ENTDEND of thiamine and riboflavin was common (10.1%) and presented mainly as sensory and sensori-motor neuropathy. Diabetes mellitus was the major cause of autonomic neuropathy. ENTC Isoniazid ENTCEND
0	ENTD nutritional deficiency ENTDEND of ENTC thiamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD nutritional deficiency ENTDEND of thiamine and ENTC riboflavin ENTCEND
0	ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND and cisplatin, two widely used and highly effective chemotherapeutic drugs. This approach allowed investigating the efficacy of alpha-lipoic acid in preventing ENTD axonal damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC alpha-lipoic acid ENTCEND in preventing ENTD axonal damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND  two widely used and highly effective chemotherapeutic drugs. This approach allowed investigating the efficacy of alpha-lipoic acid in preventing ENTD axonal damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND cause early ENTD mitochondrial impairment ENTDEND
0	ENTC Alpha-lipoic acid ENTCEND  prevents ENTD mitochondrial damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND and paclitaxel cause early ENTD mitochondrial impairment ENTDEND
1	ENTD toxic neurodegenerative cascade ENTDEND  and if neuroprotective effects of alpha-lipoic acid depend on mitochondria protection. We used an in vitro model of chemotherapy induced peripheral neuropathy that closely mimic the in vivo condition by exposing primary cultures of dorsal root ganglion (DRG) sensory neurons to ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxic neurodegenerative cascade ENTDEND  and if neuroprotective effects of ENTC alpha-lipoic acid ENTCEND
1	ENTD toxic neurodegenerative cascade ENTDEND  and if neuroprotective effects of alpha-lipoic acid depend on mitochondria protection. We used an in vitro model of chemotherapy induced peripheral neuropathy that closely mimic the in vivo condition by exposing primary cultures of dorsal root ganglion (DRG) sensory neurons to paclitaxel and ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
1	ENTD peripheral neuropathy ENTDEND that closely mimic the in vivo condition by exposing primary cultures of dorsal root ganglion (DRG) sensory neurons to ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND
0	ENTC alpha-lipoic acid ENTCEND might reduce the risk of developing ENTD peripheral nerve toxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTD peripheral neuropathy ENTDEND that closely mimic the in vivo condition by exposing primary cultures of dorsal root ganglion (DRG) sensory neurons to paclitaxel and ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND .The study investigates if alpha-lipoic acid is neuroprotective against chemotherapy induced neurotoxicity, if mitochondrial damage plays a critical role in toxic neurodegenerative cascade, and if neuroprotective effects of alpha-lipoic acid depend on mitochondria protection. We used an in vitro model of chemotherapy induced peripheral neuropathy that closely mimic the in vivo condition by exposing primary cultures of dorsal root ganglion (DRG) sensory neurons to ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND .The study investigates if ENTC alpha-lipoic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND .The study investigates if alpha-lipoic acid is neuroprotective against chemotherapy induced neurotoxicity, if mitochondrial damage plays a critical role in toxic neurodegenerative cascade, and if neuroprotective effects of alpha-lipoic acid depend on mitochondria protection. We used an in vitro model of chemotherapy induced peripheral neuropathy that closely mimic the in vivo condition by exposing primary cultures of dorsal root ganglion (DRG) sensory neurons to paclitaxel and ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND and cisplatin induced ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND  ENTC Alpha-lipoic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND induced ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC tAMCA ENTCEND retains its ENTD convulsive ENTDEND
0	ENTC tAMCA ENTCEND has been shown to cause ENTD epileptic seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND  stroke-prone rats, microinjection of ENTC methyldopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND  stroke-prone rats, microinjection of methyldopa into the area of the midline B3 serotonin cell group in the ventral medulla caused a potent hypotension of 30-40 mm Hg, which was maximal 2-3 h after administration and was abolished by the serotonin neurotoxin ENTC 5,7-dihydroxytryptamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND neurons in the medulla, coinciding with the raphe magnus. In spontaneously ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND
1	ENTC methyldopa ENTCEND induced ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND  Further, ENTC 5,7-DHT ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND  Further, 5,7-DHT lesion of ENTC serotonin ENTCEND
0	ENTD stroke ENTDEND prone rats, microinjection of ENTC methyldopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD stroke ENTDEND prone rats, microinjection of methyldopa into the area of the midline B3 serotonin cell group in the ventral medulla caused a potent hypotension of 30-40 mm Hg, which was maximal 2-3 h after administration and was abolished by the serotonin neurotoxin ENTC 5,7-dihydroxytryptamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD stroke ENTDEND prone rats, microinjection of methyldopa into the area of the midline B3 ENTC serotonin ENTCEND
1	ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND (97.3%), 117 mg/m(2) for cisplatin (97.3%), and 1378 mg/m(2) for gemcitabine (86.2%). World Health Organization Grade 3-4 neutropenia and ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND
1	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND (97.3%), and 1378 mg/m(2) for gemcitabine (86.2%). World Health Organization Grade 3-4 neutropenia and ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND
1	ENTC gemcitabine ENTCEND (86.2%). World Health Organization Grade 3-4 neutropenia and ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of a ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of a paclitaxel, ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of a paclitaxel, cisplatin, and ENTC gemcitabine ENTCEND
0	ENTD death ENTDEND  Nonhematologic toxicities were mild. After a median follow-up of 22 months, the median progression free survival rate was 7 months, and the median survival time was 16 months. CONCLUSIONS: The combination of ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND (97.3%), and 1378 mg/m(2) for gemcitabine (86.2%). World Health Organization Grade 3-4 neutropenia and thrombocytopenia occurred in 39.9% and 11.4% of patients, respectively. There was one treatment-related ENTD death ENTDEND
0	ENTC gemcitabine ENTCEND (86.2%). World Health Organization Grade 3-4 neutropenia and thrombocytopenia occurred in 39.9% and 11.4% of patients, respectively. There was one treatment-related ENTD death ENTDEND
1	ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND (97.3%), 117 mg/m(2) for cisplatin (97.3%), and 1378 mg/m(2) for gemcitabine (86.2%). World Health Organization Grade 3-4 ENTD neutropenia ENTDEND
1	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND (97.3%), and 1378 mg/m(2) for gemcitabine (86.2%). World Health Organization Grade 3-4 ENTD neutropenia ENTDEND
1	ENTC gemcitabine ENTCEND (86.2%). World Health Organization Grade 3-4 ENTD neutropenia ENTDEND
0	ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND  cisplatin, and gemcitabine combination to treat metastatic ENTD NSCLC ENTDEND
0	ENTD nonsmall cell lung carcinoma ENTDEND .BACKGROUND: ENTC Cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC gemcitabine ENTCEND combination to treat metastatic ENTD NSCLC ENTDEND
0	ENTD beta-thalassemia ENTDEND major. METHODS: One hundred and four (104) patients aged 6-35 years (mean 17,2 years) participated in the study. All patients were on a regular transfusion-chelation program maintaining a mean hemoglobin level of 9.5 gr/dl. Subjects were receiving ENTC desferrioxamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD SNHL ENTDEND were submitted to ENTC DFO ENTCEND
0	ENTD ototoxic ENTDEND factor, other than ENTC DFO ENTCEND
0	ENTC DFO ENTCEND s contributing role in the development of ENTD hearing impairment ENTDEND
0	ENTC DFO ENTCEND s contributing role in the development of hearing impairment. Regular audiologic evaluation is imperative in all ENTD thalassemic ENTDEND
0	ENTD anaemia ENTDEND observed when compared with ENTC phenylhydrazine ENTCEND
1	ENTC AZT ENTCEND induced ENTD anaemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC PHZ ENTCEND treated mice with similar degrees of anaemia. However, ENTD reticulocytosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD reticulocytosis ENTDEND was inappropriate for the degree of anaemia observed in ENTC AZT ENTCEND
0	ENTC azidothymidine ENTCEND  treated ENTD immunodeficient ENTDEND
0	ENTC AZT ENTCEND  is poorly understood. We have used a murine model of AIDS, ENTD infection ENTDEND
0	ENTD leukaemia ENTDEND (MuLV) virus, to determine if ENTC AZT ENTCEND
0	ENTC AZT ENTCEND  is poorly understood. We have used a murine model of ENTD AIDS ENTDEND
1	ENTC isoproterenol ENTCEND induced ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTD infarcts ENTDEND were confirmed by histological methods. Elevations in the serum GOT and GPT were maximum in the sedentary- ENTC isoproterenols ENTCEND
1	ENTC NH3 ENTCEND  was higher in patients who, during continuous therapy, complained of ENTD drowsiness ENTDEND
1	ENTD drowsiness ENTDEND (7 patients) than in those who were symptom-free (17 patients), although ENTC VPA ENTCEND
0	ENTC ammonia ENTCEND  may predict short-term adverse effects of valproic acid.Valproic acid (VPA) was given to 24 ENTD epileptic ENTDEND
0	ENTC VPA ENTCEND  was given to 24 ENTD epileptic ENTDEND
0	ENTC bupropion ENTCEND use and ENTD sleep deprivation ENTDEND
1	ENTC bupropion ENTCEND associated ENTD seizures ENTDEND
1	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND caused by ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND model of rats induced by adriamycin. Neonatal cardiomyocytes were isolated from Sprague-Dawley rat hearts and randomly divided into controls, an adriamycin-treated group, and a 3MA plus adriamycin-treated group. We then examined the morphology, expression of beclin 1 gene, mitochondrial permeability transition (MPT), and Na+- ENTC K ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND  METHODS: ENTC 3-methyladenine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Adriamycin ENTCEND -induced autophagic cardiomyocyte ENTD death ENTDEND
0	ENTC K ENTCEND  ATPase activity in vivo. We also assessed cell viability, mitochondrial membrane potential changes and counted autophagic vacuoles in cultured cardiomyocytes. In addition, we analyzed the expression of autophagy associated gene, beclin 1 using RT-PCR and Western blotting in an animal model. RESULTS: 3MA significantly improved cardiac function and reduced mitochondrial injury. Furthermore, adriamycin induced the formation of autophagic vacuoles, and 3MA strongly downregulated the expression of beclin 1 in adriamycin-induced failing heart and inhibited the formation of autophagic vacuoles. CONCLUSION: Autophagic cardiomyocyte ENTD death ENTDEND
0	ENTC 3MA ENTCEND strongly downregulated the expression of beclin 1 in adriamycin-induced failing heart and inhibited the formation of autophagic vacuoles. CONCLUSION: Autophagic cardiomyocyte ENTD death ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND  In this small patient sample, liposomal ENTC daunorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  with three subjects experiencing severe neutropenia (neutrophil count < 0.5 x 10(9)/l). There was no evidence of cardiotoxicity. In this small patient sample, liposomal ENTC daunorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC daunorubicin ENTCEND (DaunoXome) in the treatment of AIDS related Kaposi's sarcoma. Eleven homosexual men with advanced Kaposi's sarcoma were entered in the trial. Changes in size, colour and associated ENTD oedema ENTDEND
0	ENTC daunorubicin ENTCEND  in advanced ENTD Kaposi's sarcoma ENTDEND
1	ENTD neutropenia ENTDEND (neutrophil count < 0.5 x 10(9)/l). There was no evidence of cardiotoxicity. In this small patient sample, liposomal ENTC daunorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC daunorubicin ENTCEND (DaunoXome) in the treatment of ENTD AIDS ENTDEND
1	ENTC Nicotine ENTCEND -induced ENTD nystagmus ENTDEND
0	ENTD NIN ENTDEND correlated with blood ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
0	ENTD rash ENTDEND and eosinophilia were rare. Hepatitis was usually reversible when treatment was stopped, with the results of liver function tests returning to normal after an average of 3.1 months. In two of the three deaths probably associated with ENTC ketoconazole ENTCEND
0	ENTD deaths ENTDEND probably associated with ENTC ketoconazole ENTCEND
1	ENTD cholestasis ENTDEND  The characteristics of the 48 patients in the possible cases were similar. Allergic manifestations such as rash and eosinophilia were rare. Hepatitis was usually reversible when treatment was stopped, with the results of liver function tests returning to normal after an average of 3.1 months. In two of the three deaths probably associated with ENTC ketoconazole ENTCEND
0	ENTD eosinophilia ENTDEND were rare. Hepatitis was usually reversible when treatment was stopped, with the results of liver function tests returning to normal after an average of 3.1 months. In two of the three deaths probably associated with ENTC ketoconazole ENTCEND
1	ENTC ketoconazole ENTCEND to prevent possible serious ENTD hepatic injury ENTDEND
1	ENTC ketoconazole ENTCEND treatment the drug had been continued after the onset of ENTD jaundice ENTDEND
0	ENTD myocardial ischemia ENTDEND .STUDY OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of metoprolol on dobutamine stress testing with ENTC technetium-99m sestamibi ENTCEND
1	ENTC dobutamine ENTCEND -induced ENTD myocardial ischemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND  plus glucagon on dobutamine-induced ENTD myocardial ischemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperactive ENTDEND in response to amphetamine compared with four control groups (ad libitum 10% sucrose and chow followed by amphetamine injection, cyclic chow followed by amphetamine injection, ad libitum chow with amphetamine, or cyclic 10% sucrose and chow with a saline injection). These results suggest that a diet comprised of alternating deprivation and access to a sugar solution and chow produces bingeing on sugar that leads to a long lasting state of increased sensitivity to amphetamine, possibly due to a lasting alteration in the ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
1	ENTC sucrose ENTCEND and chow were ENTD hyperactive ENTDEND
1	ENTD hyperactive ENTDEND in response to ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD drug dependency ENTDEND  The present study examined whether female rats on various regimens of sugar access would show behavioral cross-sensitization to a low dose of amphetamine. After a 30-min baseline measure of locomotor activity (day 0), animals were maintained on a cyclic diet of 12-h deprivation followed by 12-h access to 10% ENTC sucrose ENTCEND
0	ENTD sugar dependency ENTDEND  causes behavioral cross-sensitization to a low dose of ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND
1	ENTC EMB ENTCEND induced ENTD optic neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC ethambutol ENTCEND dosing in patients with ENTD renal impairment ENTDEND
0	ENTD tuberculosis ENTDEND  A serious complication of ENTC ethambutol ENTCEND
1	ENTC EMB ENTCEND -induced optic neuropathy of short-, intermediate-, and long-term ENTD visual deficits ENTDEND
0	ENTD axonal degeneration ENTDEND in ENTC ethambutol ENTCEND
0	ENTD neurological abnormalities ENTDEND  All 24 patients with seizures received high doses of ENTC TXA ENTCEND
1	ENTC TXA ENTCEND usage and ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD ischemic brain injury ENTDEND in 3 patients. All patients with seizures did not have permanent neurological abnormalities. All 24 patients with seizures received high doses of ENTC TXA ENTCEND
0	ENTD brain ischemic ENTDEND  metabolic, or hyperthermia-induced causes for their seizures was apparent. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that use of high-dose ENTC TXA ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND induced causes for their seizures was apparent. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that use of high-dose ENTC TXA ENTCEND
0	ENTC molindone ENTCEND  administration.Rhabdomyolysis is a potentially lethal syndrome that ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND
1	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND following ENTC molindone ENTCEND
1	ENTD rhabdomyolysis ENTDEND  following ENTC molindone ENTCEND
0	ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND patient is reported to illustrate massive rhabdomyolysis and subsequent acute renal failure following ENTC molindone ENTCEND
0	ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND and gentamicin into the posterior sub-Tenon's space at the end of routine ENTD cataract ENTDEND
0	ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND into the posterior sub-Tenon's space at the end of routine ENTD cataract ENTDEND
0	ENTD cataract ENTDEND surgery. SETTING: St. Luke's Hospital, Gwardamangia, Malta. METHODS: A double-blind double-armed prospective study comprised 40 patients who had uneventful sutureless phacoemulsification under sub-Tenon's local infiltration of 3 mL of plain ENTC lignocaine ENTCEND
1	ENTD headache ENTDEND  or both; 1 patient in Group B developed symptoms. CONCLUSIONS: The administration of ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
1	ENTD headache ENTDEND  or both; 1 patient in Group B developed symptoms. CONCLUSIONS: The administration of methylprednisolone and ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC lignocaine ENTCEND  At the end of the procedure, Group A (n = 20) had 20 mg/0.5 mL of methylprednisolone and 10 mg/0.5 mL of gentamicin injected into the posterior sub-Tenon's space and Group B (n = 20) had the same combination injected into the anterior sub-Tenon's space. Postoperatively, all patients were assessed for symptoms of nausea, vomiting, and ENTD headache ENTDEND
1	ENTD postoperative emetic symptoms ENTDEND  headache, or both; 1 patient in Group B developed symptoms. CONCLUSIONS: The administration of ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
1	ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND in the posterior sub-Tenon's space was related to a high incidence of side effects including ENTD nausea, vomiting ENTDEND
0	ENTC lignocaine ENTCEND  At the end of the procedure, Group A (n = 20) had 20 mg/0.5 mL of methylprednisolone and 10 mg/0.5 mL of gentamicin injected into the posterior sub-Tenon's space and Group B (n = 20) had the same combination injected into the anterior sub-Tenon's space. Postoperatively, all patients were assessed for symptoms of ENTD nausea, vomiting ENTDEND
1	ENTD hypoxia ENTDEND and cyanosis. This shunt of blood via a patent foramen ovale occurred in the presence of a normal pulmonary artery pressure, and was probably precipitated by a ENTC propafenone ENTCEND
0	ENTC propafenone ENTCEND  overdose in a young woman with ENTD Ebstein's anomaly ENTDEND
0	ENTC propafenone ENTCEND overdose. This drug caused biventricular dysfunction, due to its negative inotropic effect, and ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD patent foramen ovale ENTDEND occurred in the presence of a normal pulmonary artery pressure, and was probably precipitated by a ENTC propafenone ENTCEND
1	ENTD cyanosis ENTDEND  This shunt of blood via a patent foramen ovale occurred in the presence of a normal pulmonary artery pressure, and was probably precipitated by a ENTC propafenone ENTCEND
1	ENTC propafenone ENTCEND overdose. This drug caused ENTD biventricular dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC propafenone ENTCEND ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTC bleomycin ENTCEND  and a vinca alkaloid. One patient had thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, three the hemolytic-uremic syndrome, and one an apparent forme fruste of one of these disorders. Histologic examination of the renal tissue showed evidence of intravascular coagulation, primarily affecting the small arteries, arterioles, and glomeruli. Because each patient was tumor-free or had only a small tumor at the onset of this syndrome, the thrombotic microangiopathy may have been induced by chemotherapy. Diagnosis of this potentially fatal complication may be delayed or missed if renal tissue or the peripheral blood smear is not examined, because renal failure may be ascribed to cisplatin nephrotoxicity and the ENTD anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND nephrotoxicity and the ENTD anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC vinca alkaloid ENTCEND  One patient had thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, three the hemolytic-uremic syndrome, and one an apparent forme fruste of one of these disorders. Histologic examination of the renal tissue showed evidence of intravascular coagulation, primarily affecting the small arteries, arterioles, and glomeruli. Because each patient was tumor-free or had only a small tumor at the onset of this syndrome, the thrombotic microangiopathy may have been induced by chemotherapy. Diagnosis of this potentially fatal complication may be delayed or missed if renal tissue or the peripheral blood smear is not examined, because renal failure may be ascribed to cisplatin nephrotoxicity and the ENTD anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD microangiopathic hemolytic anemia ENTDEND  and usually thrombocytopenia) after treatment with cisplatin, ENTC bleomycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD microangiopathic hemolytic anemia ENTDEND  and usually thrombocytopenia) after treatment with ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD microangiopathic hemolytic anemia ENTDEND  and usually thrombocytopenia) after treatment with cisplatin, bleomycin, and a ENTC vinca alkaloid ENTCEND
1	ENTC bleomycin ENTCEND  and a vinca alkaloid. One patient had ENTD thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura ENTDEND
1	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND  bleomycin, and a vinca alkaloid. One patient had ENTD thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura ENTDEND
1	ENTC vinca alkaloid ENTCEND  One patient had ENTD thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura ENTDEND
0	ENTC bleomycin ENTCEND  and a vinca alkaloid. One patient had thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, three the hemolytic-uremic syndrome, and one an apparent forme fruste of one of these disorders. Histologic examination of the renal tissue showed evidence of intravascular coagulation, primarily affecting the small arteries, arterioles, and glomeruli. Because each patient was ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTD tumor ENTDEND at the onset of this syndrome, the thrombotic microangiopathy may have been induced by chemotherapy. Diagnosis of this potentially fatal complication may be delayed or missed if renal tissue or the peripheral blood smear is not examined, because renal failure may be ascribed to ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC vinca alkaloid ENTCEND  One patient had thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, three the hemolytic-uremic syndrome, and one an apparent forme fruste of one of these disorders. Histologic examination of the renal tissue showed evidence of intravascular coagulation, primarily affecting the small arteries, arterioles, and glomeruli. Because each patient was ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND  after treatment with cisplatin, ENTC bleomycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND  after treatment with ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND  after treatment with cisplatin, bleomycin, and a ENTC vinca alkaloid ENTCEND
0	ENTC bleomycin ENTCEND  and a vinca alkaloid. One patient had thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, three the hemolytic-uremic syndrome, and one an apparent forme fruste of one of these disorders. Histologic examination of the renal tissue showed evidence of ENTD intravascular coagulation ENTDEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND  bleomycin, and a vinca alkaloid. One patient had thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, three the hemolytic-uremic syndrome, and one an apparent forme fruste of one of these disorders. Histologic examination of the renal tissue showed evidence of ENTD intravascular coagulation ENTDEND
0	ENTC vinca alkaloid ENTCEND  One patient had thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, three the hemolytic-uremic syndrome, and one an apparent forme fruste of one of these disorders. Histologic examination of the renal tissue showed evidence of ENTD intravascular coagulation ENTDEND
0	ENTD thrombotic microangiopathy ENTDEND (characterized by renal insufficiency, microangiopathic hemolytic anemia, and usually thrombocytopenia) after treatment with cisplatin, ENTC bleomycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD thrombotic microangiopathy ENTDEND (characterized by renal insufficiency, microangiopathic hemolytic anemia, and usually thrombocytopenia) after treatment with ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD thrombotic microangiopathy ENTDEND (characterized by renal insufficiency, microangiopathic hemolytic anemia, and usually thrombocytopenia) after treatment with cisplatin, bleomycin, and a ENTC vinca alkaloid ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal insufficiency ENTDEND  microangiopathic hemolytic anemia, and usually thrombocytopenia) after treatment with cisplatin, ENTC bleomycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal failure ENTDEND may be ascribed to ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal insufficiency ENTDEND  microangiopathic hemolytic anemia, and usually thrombocytopenia) after treatment with cisplatin, bleomycin, and a ENTC vinca alkaloid ENTCEND
1	ENTC bleomycin ENTCEND  and a vinca alkaloid. One patient had thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, three the hemolytic-uremic syndrome, and one an apparent forme fruste of one of these disorders. Histologic examination of the renal tissue showed evidence of intravascular coagulation, primarily affecting the small arteries, arterioles, and glomeruli. Because each patient was tumor-free or had only a small tumor at the onset of this syndrome, the thrombotic microangiopathy may have been induced by chemotherapy. Diagnosis of this potentially fatal complication may be delayed or missed if renal tissue or the peripheral blood smear is not examined, because renal failure may be ascribed to cisplatin ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC vinca alkaloid ENTCEND  One patient had thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, three the hemolytic-uremic syndrome, and one an apparent forme fruste of one of these disorders. Histologic examination of the renal tissue showed evidence of intravascular coagulation, primarily affecting the small arteries, arterioles, and glomeruli. Because each patient was tumor-free or had only a small tumor at the onset of this syndrome, the thrombotic microangiopathy may have been induced by chemotherapy. Diagnosis of this potentially fatal complication may be delayed or missed if renal tissue or the peripheral blood smear is not examined, because renal failure may be ascribed to cisplatin ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC bleomycin ENTCEND  and a vinca alkaloid. One patient had thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, three the hemolytic-uremic syndrome, and one an apparent forme fruste of one of these disorders. Histologic examination of the renal tissue showed evidence of intravascular coagulation, primarily affecting the small arteries, arterioles, and glomeruli. Because each patient was tumor-free or had only a small tumor at the onset of this syndrome, the thrombotic microangiopathy may have been induced by chemotherapy. Diagnosis of this potentially fatal complication may be delayed or missed if renal tissue or the peripheral blood smear is not examined, because renal failure may be ascribed to cisplatin nephrotoxicity and the anemia and thrombocytopenia to drug-induced ENTD bone marrow suppression ENTDEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND nephrotoxicity and the anemia and thrombocytopenia to drug-induced ENTD bone marrow suppression ENTDEND
0	ENTC vinca alkaloid ENTCEND  One patient had thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, three the hemolytic-uremic syndrome, and one an apparent forme fruste of one of these disorders. Histologic examination of the renal tissue showed evidence of intravascular coagulation, primarily affecting the small arteries, arterioles, and glomeruli. Because each patient was tumor-free or had only a small tumor at the onset of this syndrome, the thrombotic microangiopathy may have been induced by chemotherapy. Diagnosis of this potentially fatal complication may be delayed or missed if renal tissue or the peripheral blood smear is not examined, because renal failure may be ascribed to cisplatin nephrotoxicity and the anemia and thrombocytopenia to drug-induced ENTD bone marrow suppression ENTDEND
1	ENTC bleomycin ENTCEND  and a vinca alkaloid. One patient had thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, three the ENTD hemolytic-uremic syndrome ENTDEND
1	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND  bleomycin, and a vinca alkaloid. One patient had thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, three the ENTD hemolytic-uremic syndrome ENTDEND
1	ENTC vinca alkaloid ENTCEND  One patient had thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, three the ENTD hemolytic-uremic syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTD carcinoma ENTDEND developed thrombotic microangiopathy (characterized by renal insufficiency, microangiopathic hemolytic anemia, and usually thrombocytopenia) after treatment with cisplatin, ENTC bleomycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD carcinoma ENTDEND developed thrombotic microangiopathy (characterized by renal insufficiency, microangiopathic hemolytic anemia, and usually thrombocytopenia) after treatment with ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD carcinoma ENTDEND developed thrombotic microangiopathy (characterized by renal insufficiency, microangiopathic hemolytic anemia, and usually thrombocytopenia) after treatment with cisplatin, bleomycin, and a ENTC vinca alkaloid ENTCEND
0	ENTD anemia ENTDEND but has other potential disadvantages. ENTC Viramidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND associated ENTD anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD anemia ENTDEND  in patients infected with hepatitis C virus.Chronic infection with hepatitis C virus (HCV) can progress to cirrhosis, hepatocellular carcinoma, and end-stage liver disease. The current best treatment for HCV infection is combination therapy with pegylated ENTC interferon ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal or cardiovascular disorders ENTDEND  In general, anemia can increase the risk of morbidity and mortality, and may have negative effects on cerebral function and quality of life. Although ribavirin-associated anemia can be reversed by dose reduction or discontinuation, this approach compromises outcomes by significantly decreasing SVR rates. Recombinant human erythropoietin has been used to manage ribavirin-associated anemia but has other potential disadvantages. ENTC Viramidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND induced hemolysis, and this anemia can be problematic in patients with HCV infection, especially those who have comorbid ENTD renal or cardiovascular disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTC interferon ENTCEND and ribavirin. Although this regimen produces sustained virologic responses (SVRs) in approximately 50% of patients, it can be associated with a potentially dose-limiting hemolytic anemia. Hemoglobin concentrations decrease mainly as a result of ribavirin-induced hemolysis, and this anemia can be problematic in patients with HCV infection, especially those who have comorbid ENTD renal or cardiovascular disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTC Viramidine ENTCEND  a liver-targeting prodrug of ribavirin, has the potential to maintain the virologic efficacy of ribavirin while decreasing the risk of ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND while decreasing the risk of ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC interferon ENTCEND and ribavirin. Although this regimen produces sustained virologic responses (SVRs) in approximately 50% of patients, it can be associated with a potentially dose-limiting ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD cirrhosis ENTDEND  hepatocellular carcinoma, and end-stage liver disease. The current best treatment for HCV infection is combination therapy with pegylated interferon and ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND
0	ENTD cirrhosis ENTDEND  hepatocellular carcinoma, and end-stage liver disease. The current best treatment for HCV infection is combination therapy with pegylated ENTC interferon ENTCEND
0	ENTD end-stage liver disease ENTDEND  The current best treatment for HCV infection is combination therapy with pegylated interferon and ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND
0	ENTD end-stage liver disease ENTDEND  The current best treatment for HCV infection is combination therapy with pegylated ENTC interferon ENTCEND
0	ENTC Viramidine ENTCEND  a liver-targeting prodrug of ribavirin, has the potential to maintain the virologic efficacy of ribavirin while decreasing the risk of hemolytic anemia in patients with ENTD chronic hepatitis C ENTDEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND while decreasing the risk of hemolytic anemia in patients with ENTD chronic hepatitis C ENTDEND
0	ENTD Chronic infection with hepatitis C virus ENTDEND (HCV) can progress to cirrhosis, hepatocellular carcinoma, and end-stage liver disease. The current best treatment for HCV infection is combination therapy with pegylated ENTC interferon ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal or cardiovascular disorders ENTDEND  In general, anemia can increase the risk of morbidity and mortality, and may have negative effects on cerebral function and quality of life. Although ribavirin-associated anemia can be reversed by dose reduction or discontinuation, this approach compromises outcomes by significantly decreasing SVR rates. Recombinant human erythropoietin has been used to manage ribavirin-associated anemia but has other potential disadvantages. ENTC Viramidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND induced hemolysis, and this anemia can be problematic in patients with HCV infection, especially those who have comorbid ENTD renal or cardiovascular disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTC interferon ENTCEND and ribavirin. Although this regimen produces sustained virologic responses (SVRs) in approximately 50% of patients, it can be associated with a potentially dose-limiting hemolytic anemia. Hemoglobin concentrations decrease mainly as a result of ribavirin-induced hemolysis, and this anemia can be problematic in patients with HCV infection, especially those who have comorbid ENTD renal or cardiovascular disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTD hepatocellular carcinoma ENTDEND  and end-stage liver disease. The current best treatment for HCV infection is combination therapy with pegylated interferon and ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hepatocellular carcinoma ENTDEND  and end-stage liver disease. The current best treatment for HCV infection is combination therapy with pegylated ENTC interferon ENTCEND
0	ENTD HCV infection ENTDEND  especially those who have comorbid renal or cardiovascular disorders. In general, anemia can increase the risk of morbidity and mortality, and may have negative effects on cerebral function and quality of life. Although ribavirin-associated anemia can be reversed by dose reduction or discontinuation, this approach compromises outcomes by significantly decreasing SVR rates. Recombinant human erythropoietin has been used to manage ribavirin-associated anemia but has other potential disadvantages. ENTC Viramidine ENTCEND
0	ENTD HCV infection ENTDEND is combination therapy with pegylated interferon and ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND
0	ENTD HCV infection ENTDEND is combination therapy with pegylated ENTC interferon ENTCEND
0	ENTD hemolysis ENTDEND  and this anemia can be problematic in patients with HCV infection, especially those who have comorbid renal or cardiovascular disorders. In general, anemia can increase the risk of morbidity and mortality, and may have negative effects on cerebral function and quality of life. Although ribavirin-associated anemia can be reversed by dose reduction or discontinuation, this approach compromises outcomes by significantly decreasing SVR rates. Recombinant human erythropoietin has been used to manage ribavirin-associated anemia but has other potential disadvantages. ENTC Viramidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND induced ENTD hemolysis ENTDEND
0	ENTC interferon ENTCEND and ribavirin. Although this regimen produces sustained virologic responses (SVRs) in approximately 50% of patients, it can be associated with a potentially dose-limiting hemolytic anemia. Hemoglobin concentrations decrease mainly as a result of ribavirin-induced ENTD hemolysis ENTDEND
0	ENTD angina pectoris ENTDEND (control group). ENTC Methylergonovine ENTCEND
0	ENTC methylergonovine ENTCEND  have a high sensitivity in ENTD variant angina ENTDEND
0	ENTD chest pain ENTDEND and in others without angina pectoris (control group). ENTC Methylergonovine ENTCEND
1	ENTC Methylergonovine ENTCEND was administered continuously at a rate of 10 micrograms/min up to 50 micrograms. In all patients with variant angina, ENTD coronary spasm ENTDEND
0	ENTD spasm ENTDEND provocation tests, which use an intracoronary injection of a relatively low dose of ENTC methylergonovine ENTCEND
0	ENTD angina ENTDEND  However, the mechanisms of myocardial ischemia induced by ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND consumption were compared during epinephrine infusion and supine bicycle exercise. Both epinephrine and exercise produced myocardial ischemia as evidenced by ST segment depression and ENTD angina ENTDEND
0	ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND induced ENTD ischemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD ischemia ENTDEND and factors increasing myocardial ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
0	ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND and exercise produced myocardial ischemia as evidenced by ST segment ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND consumption were compared during epinephrine infusion and supine bicycle exercise. Both epinephrine and exercise produced myocardial ischemia as evidenced by ST segment ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND in eliciting myocardial ischemia was examined in patients with ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND  Objective signs of ischemia and factors increasing myocardial ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
1	ENTD myocardial ischemia ENTDEND  induced by ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial ischemia ENTDEND was examined in patients with coronary artery disease. Objective signs of ischemia and factors increasing myocardial ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
1	ENTD cardiovascular disease ENTDEND than in those without in the pre-treatment evaluation. The most common signs of cardiotoxicity were chest pain, ST-T wave changes and atrial fibrillation. This was followed by ventricular fibrillation in one patient and sudden death in another. It is concluded that patients on ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND
1	ENTC cis-platin ENTCEND (80-120 mg/m2BSA) and 5-FU (1000 mg/m2BSA daily as a continuous infusion during 5 days) were given to 76 patients before radiotherapy and surgery. The aim of the study was to clarify the incidence and severity of adverse cardiac effects to this treatment. Before treatment all patients had a cardiac evaluation and during treatment serial ECG recordings were performed. In the pre-treatment evaluation, signs of ENTD cardiovascular disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND were chest pain, ST-T wave changes and atrial fibrillation. This was followed by ventricular fibrillation in one patient and sudden death in another. It is concluded that patients on ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND
0	ENTD sudden death ENTDEND in another. It is concluded that patients on ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND
1	ENTD ventricular fibrillation ENTDEND in one patient and sudden death in another. It is concluded that patients on ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND treatment should be under close supervision and that the treatment should be discontinued if chest pain or ENTD tachyarrhythmia ENTDEND
1	ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND  This was followed by ventricular fibrillation in one patient and sudden death in another. It is concluded that patients on ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND
1	ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND treatment should be under close supervision and that the treatment should be discontinued if ENTD chest pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC 5-fluorouracil ENTCEND .Survival for patients with advanced ENTD head and neck carcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC cis-platin ENTCEND  and 5-fluorouracil.Survival for patients with advanced ENTD head and neck carcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC 5-fluorouracil ENTCEND .Survival for patients with advanced head and neck carcinoma and ENTD esophageal carcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC cis-platin ENTCEND  and 5-fluorouracil.Survival for patients with advanced head and neck carcinoma and ENTD esophageal carcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD ventricular arrhythmia ENTDEND  This study reviews the current proposed mechanisms of sudden death after a high dose of intravenous ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
0	ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND in a 73-year-old patient who underwent electrocardiographic (ECG) monitoring throughout the episode. There was a history of ENTD ischemic ENTDEND
0	ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND in a 73-year-old patient who underwent electrocardiographic (ECG) monitoring throughout the episode. There was a history of ischemic cardiac disease 9 years earlier. The patient was admitted with a ENTD pulmonary-renal syndrome ENTDEND
1	ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND  in a monitored patient.We report a case of ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND in a 73-year-old patient who underwent electrocardiographic (ECG) monitoring throughout the episode. There was a history of ischemic cardiac disease 9 years earlier. The patient was admitted with a pulmonary-renal syndrome with hemoptysis, rapidly progressive renal failure, and ENTD hypoxemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD sudden death ENTDEND after a high dose of intravenous ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
1	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND , and asystole after high-dose intravenous ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
0	ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND in a 73-year-old patient who underwent electrocardiographic (ECG) monitoring throughout the episode. There was a history of ischemic cardiac disease 9 years earlier. The patient was admitted with a pulmonary-renal syndrome with ENTD hemoptysis ENTDEND
0	ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND in a 73-year-old patient who underwent electrocardiographic (ECG) monitoring throughout the episode. There was a history of ischemic cardiac disease 9 years earlier. The patient was admitted with a pulmonary-renal syndrome with hemoptysis, rapidly progressive ENTD renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND in a 73-year-old patient who underwent electrocardiographic (ECG) monitoring throughout the episode. There was a history of ischemic ENTD cardiac disease ENTDEND
1	ENTD asystole ENTDEND  after high-dose intravenous ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
0	ENTC Pyrazinamide ENTCEND can have adverse effects such as ENTD hepatic toxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTD dysosmia ENTDEND  induced by ENTC pyrazinamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC Pyrazinamide ENTCEND can have adverse effects such as hepatic toxicity, ENTD hyperuricemia ENTDEND
1	ENTD confusion ENTDEND .15 cases of ENTC cimetidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC histamine ENTCEND H2-receptors in the central nervous system. Patients likely to have both raised trough-concentrations and mental ENTD confusion ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal and liver dysfunction ENTDEND (P less than 0.05), as well as ENTC cimetidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC histamine ENTCEND H2-receptors in the central nervous system. Patients likely to have both raised trough-concentrations and mental confusion are those with both severe ENTD renal and hepatic dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal and liver dysfunction ENTDEND (P less than 0.05), as well as ENTC cimetidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC histamine ENTCEND H2-receptors in the central nervous system. Patients likely to have both raised trough-concentrations and mental confusion are those with both severe ENTD renal and hepatic dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC Ro4368554 ENTCEND  restores memory performance in cholinergic and serotonergic models of ENTD memory deficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTD memory deficiency ENTDEND  in the rat.Antagonists at serotonin type 6 (5-HT(6)) receptors show activity in models of learning and memory. Although the underlying mechanism(s) are not well understood, these effects may involve an increase in ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTD memory deficiency ENTDEND  in the rat.Antagonists at ENTC serotonin ENTCEND
1	ENTD memory deficits ENTDEND induced by ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD memory deficits ENTDEND induced by scopolamine and ENTC TRP ENTCEND
0	ENTC metrifonate ENTCEND (10 mg/kg, p.o., respectively) reversed ENTD memory deficits ENTDEND
1	ENTD hearing loss ENTDEND  Under anesthesia, the superior temporal gyrus of adult macaque monkeys was exposed, and the tonotopic organization of A1 was mapped using conventional microelectrode recording techniques. Following recovery, the monkeys were selectively deafened for high frequencies using ENTC kanamycin ENTCEND
1	ENTD hearing loss ENTDEND  Under anesthesia, the superior temporal gyrus of adult macaque monkeys was exposed, and the tonotopic organization of A1 was mapped using conventional microelectrode recording techniques. Following recovery, the monkeys were selectively deafened for high frequencies using kanamycin and ENTC furosemide ENTCEND
0	ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND degenerated into irreversible ventricular fibrillation and both patients died. In the seventh patient, a permanent ventricular pacemaker was inserted and, despite continuation of ENTC procainamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD ventricular fibrillation ENTDEND and both patients died. In the seventh patient, a permanent ventricular pacemaker was inserted and, despite continuation of ENTC procainamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC procainamide ENTCEND can produce an acquired ENTD prolonged Q-T syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC procainamide ENTCEND was administered orally for treatment of chronic premature ventricular contractions or atrial flutter. These patients had Q-T prolongation and recurrent ENTD syncope ENTDEND
0	ENTC procainamide ENTCEND was administered orally for treatment of chronic premature ventricular contractions or ENTD atrial flutter ENTDEND
1	ENTD ventricular tachycardia ENTDEND .Seven cases of ENTC procainamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC procainamide ENTCEND was administered orally for treatment of chronic ENTD premature ventricular contractions ENTDEND
1	ENTD TAA ENTDEND  by ENTC calcium chloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD TAA ENTDEND formation. METHODS: Thoracic aorta of male Sprague-Dawley rats was exposed to 0.5M CaCl(2) or normal saline ( ENTC NaCl ENTCEND
0	ENTC CaCl(2) ENTCEND -induced ENTD arterial injury ENTDEND
0	ENTD arterial injury ENTDEND and to explore the potential role of a disintegrin and metalloproteinase (ADAM), matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) and their endogenous inhibitors (TIMPs) in TAA formation. METHODS: Thoracic aorta of male Sprague-Dawley rats was exposed to 0.5M CaCl(2) or normal saline ( ENTC NaCl ENTCEND
1	ENTC ciprofloxacin ENTCEND induced interstitial nephritis and autoimmune hemolytic anemia. ENTD Hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD Hemolytic anemia ENTDEND improved after stopping the drug and initiation of ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTD autoimmune hemolytic anemia ENTDEND . ENTC Ciprofloxacin ENTCEND
0	ENTD autoimmune hemolytic anemia ENTDEND  Hemolytic anemia improved after stopping the drug and initiation of ENTC steroid ENTCEND
1	ENTC ciprofloxacin ENTCEND induced ENTD interstitial nephritis ENTDEND
0	ENTC steroid ENTCEND therapy. Unfortunately, acute ENTD interstitial nephritis ENTDEND
1	ENTC ciprofloxacin ENTCEND induced interstitial nephritis and autoimmune hemolytic anemia. Hemolytic anemia improved after stopping the drug and initiation of steroid therapy. Unfortunately, acute interstitial nephritis was irreversible and the patient developed ENTD end-stage renal disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC steroid ENTCEND therapy. Unfortunately, acute interstitial nephritis was irreversible and the patient developed ENTD end-stage renal disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD anemia ENTDEND -induced reduction in ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
1	ENTD Anemia ENTDEND was induced using a single dose of ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD anemia ENTDEND by rHuEPO treatment (epoetin alpha) increases the sensitivity, probably as a result of an improved ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND in ENTD tumors ENTDEND
0	ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND treatment, ENTD tumors ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND supply to ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND ENTD cytotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD cytotoxicity ENTDEND of cyclophosphamide in solid experimental tumors. Anemia was induced using a single dose of ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD cytotoxicity ENTDEND of cyclophosphamide in tumors, whereas correction of anemia by rHuEPO treatment (epoetin alpha) increases the sensitivity, probably as a result of an improved ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
0	ENTD sarcoma ENTDEND of the rat) were implanted s.c. onto the hind food dorsum. Neither carboplatin nor rHuEPO treatment influenced tumor growth rate per se. When tumors were treated with a single dose of ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND treatment, tumors (DS- ENTD sarcoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC estrogens ENTCEND for ovarian failure after ENTD cancer ENTDEND
1	ENTC estrogens ENTCEND  a treatment implicated in the development of ENTD endometrial cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTD Hodgkin disease ENTDEND  and received exogenous ENTC estrogens ENTCEND
0	ENTC estrogens ENTCEND for ENTD ovarian failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND  Depressed mood was more common among patients and was associated with certain sexual difficulties, but not with impotence. Marital unhappiness, as indicated by AMHS scores, was not associated with arthritis but was associated with ENTD sexual dysfunction ENTDEND
1	ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND  Depressed mood was more common among patients and was associated with certain sexual difficulties, but not with ENTD impotence ENTDEND
0	ENTD osteoarthritis ENTDEND and spondyloarthropathy, 130 of whom were pair-matched to controls. Assessments of marital happiness and depressed mood were also made using the CES-D and the Azrin Marital Happiness Scale (AMHS). Sexual dysfunctions were found to be common among patients and controls, the majority in both groups reporting one or more dysfunctions. Impotence was more common among male patients than controls and was found to be associated with co-morbidity and the taking of ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND  Depressed mood was more common among patients and was associated with certain sexual difficulties, but not with impotence. Marital unhappiness, as indicated by AMHS scores, was not associated with ENTD arthritis ENTDEND
0	ENTD spondyloarthropathy ENTDEND  130 of whom were pair-matched to controls. Assessments of marital happiness and depressed mood were also made using the CES-D and the Azrin Marital Happiness Scale (AMHS). Sexual dysfunctions were found to be common among patients and controls, the majority in both groups reporting one or more dysfunctions. Impotence was more common among male patients than controls and was found to be associated with co-morbidity and the taking of ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND  ENTD Depressed mood ENTDEND
0	ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND  osteoarthritis and spondyloarthropathy, 130 of whom were pair-matched to controls. Assessments of marital happiness and depressed mood were also made using the CES-D and the Azrin Marital Happiness Scale (AMHS). Sexual dysfunctions were found to be common among patients and controls, the majority in both groups reporting one or more dysfunctions. Impotence was more common among male patients than controls and was found to be associated with co-morbidity and the taking of ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTD Neuroinflammation ENTDEND  and behavioral abnormalities after neonatal ENTC terbutaline ENTCEND
0	ENTC Terbutaline ENTCEND  a beta2-adrenoceptor agonist used to arrest ENTD preterm labor ENTDEND
0	ENTD behavioral abnormalities ENTDEND  after neonatal ENTC terbutaline ENTCEND
0	ENTC terbutaline ENTCEND  treatment in rats: implications for autism.Autism is a ENTD neurodevelopmental disorder ENTDEND
1	ENTD autism ENTDEND  ENTC Terbutaline ENTCEND
0	ENTC terbutaline ENTCEND on PN 2 to 5 showed consistent patterns of hyper-reactivity to novelty and aversive stimuli when assessed in a novel open field, as well as in the acoustic startle response test. Our findings indicate that beta2-adrenoceptor overstimulation during an early critical period results in microglial activation associated with innate neuroinflammatory pathways and behavioral abnormalities, similar to those described in autism. This study provides a useful animal model for understanding the neuropathological processes underlying ENTD autism spectrum disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTC terbutaline ENTCEND  treatment in rats: implications for autism.Autism is a neurodevelopmental disorder presenting before 3 years of age with ENTD deficits in communication and social skills ENTDEND
0	ENTD jaw of steel ENTDEND  after succinylcholine (Sch) administration during general anesthetic management for rigid bronchoscopic removal of a tracheal foreign body. Anesthesia was continued uneventfully with ENTC propofol ENTCEND
1	ENTD jaw of steel ENTDEND  after ENTC succinylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTC propofol ENTCEND infusion while all facilities were available to detect and treat ENTD malignant hyperthermia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Succinylcholine ENTCEND -induced masseter muscle rigidity during bronchoscopic removal of a tracheal foreign body.Masseter muscle rigidity during general anesthesia is considered an early warning sign of a possible episode of ENTD malignant hyperthermia ENTDEND
1	ENTD aggression ENTDEND  ENTC T ENTCEND
0	ENTD aggression ENTDEND in their home cage, both with and without physical provocation (mild tail pinch). Brain levels of 5-HT and its metabolite, ENTC 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC steroid ENTCEND (AAS) exposure and brain serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine, 5-HT) depletion on behavior of pubertal male rats. Serotonin was depleted beginning on postnatal day 26 with parachlorophenylalanine (PCPA 100 mg/kg, every other day); controls received saline. At puberty (P40), half the PCPA-treated rats and half the saline-treated rats began treatment with testosterone (T, 5 mg/kg, 5 days/week). Behavioral measures included locomotion, ENTD irritability ENTDEND
0	ENTC 5-HT ENTCEND may be especially prone to exhibit ENTD aggressive behavior ENTDEND
0	ENTD ischemia ENTDEND  METHODS: The study group comprised 40 patients undergoing ENTC Sestamibi ENTCEND
0	ENTC dobutamine ENTCEND level. In 19 of the 40 patients perfusion defects compatible with ENTD ischemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD myocardial ischemia ENTDEND  using ENTC Tc99m-Sestamibi ENTCEND
1	ENTC dobutamine ENTCEND -induced ENTD myocardial ischemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD uremia ENTDEND per se. Unreported in the literature is visual hallucinations occurring in association with the new macrolide antibiotic, clarithromycin. We describe such a case in a patient with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) maintained on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD). The combination of a relatively high dose of clarithromycin in face of chronic renal failure in a functionally anephric patient, with underlying ENTC aluminum ENTCEND
0	ENTD uremia ENTDEND per se. Unreported in the literature is visual hallucinations occurring in association with the new macrolide antibiotic, ENTC clarithromycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD uremia ENTDEND per se. Unreported in the literature is visual hallucinations occurring in association with the new ENTC macrolide ENTCEND
0	ENTD visual hallucinations ENTDEND occurring in association with the new macrolide antibiotic, clarithromycin. We describe such a case in a patient with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) maintained on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD). The combination of a relatively high dose of clarithromycin in face of chronic renal failure in a functionally anephric patient, with underlying ENTC aluminum ENTCEND
1	ENTC Clarithromycin ENTCEND -associated ENTD visual hallucinations ENTDEND
0	ENTD visual hallucinations ENTDEND occurring in association with the new ENTC macrolide ENTCEND
0	ENTC aluminum ENTCEND intoxication, may have facilitated the appearance of this ENTD neurotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTC clarithromycin ENTCEND in face of chronic renal failure in a functionally anephric patient, with underlying aluminum intoxication, may have facilitated the appearance of this ENTD neurotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTC macrolide ENTCEND antibiotic, clarithromycin. We describe such a case in a patient with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) maintained on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD). The combination of a relatively high dose of clarithromycin in face of chronic renal failure in a functionally anephric patient, with underlying aluminum intoxication, may have facilitated the appearance of this ENTD neurotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTD chronic renal failure ENTDEND in a functionally anephric patient, with underlying ENTC aluminum ENTCEND
0	ENTC clarithromycin ENTCEND in face of ENTD chronic renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC macrolide ENTCEND antibiotic, clarithromycin. We describe such a case in a patient with ENTD end-stage renal disease ENTDEND
1	ENTD atrioventricular block ENTDEND  secondary to ENTC lithium ENTCEND
1	ENTC lithium ENTCEND  therapy. ENTD Sinus node dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTD syncopal attacks ENTDEND  ENTC Lithium ENTCEND
1	ENTD impaired memory functioning ENTDEND  heavy use of ENTC MDMA ENTCEND
0	ENTC MDMA ENTCEND induced 5-HT ENTD neurotoxic lesions ENTDEND
0	ENTC 5-HT ENTCEND ENTD neurotoxic lesions ENTDEND
0	ENTD memory deficits ENTDEND have been reported in users of ENTC MDMA ENTCEND
1	ENTD impaired social and emotional judgement processes ENTDEND .In recent years working memory deficits have been reported in users of ENTC MDMA ENTCEND
1	ENTC morphine ENTCEND induced ENTD sphincter of Oddi spasm ENTDEND
1	ENTD sphincter of Oddi spasm ENTDEND  evoked by ENTC prostigmine ENTCEND
0	ENTC glyceryl trinitrate ENTCEND  on the ENTD sphincter of Oddi spasm ENTDEND
1	ENTC morphine ENTCEND induced ENTD sphincter of Oddi spasm ENTDEND
1	ENTD sphincter of Oddi spasm ENTDEND  evoked by ENTC prostigmine ENTCEND
0	ENTC glyceryl trinitrate ENTCEND  on the ENTD sphincter of Oddi spasm ENTDEND
0	ENTD ovarian cancer ENTDEND patients were available for analysis following six cycles of the same ENTC PAC ENTCEND
0	ENTC amino acid ENTCEND glutamine were claimed to ameliorate PAC neurotoxicity. This pilot trial aimed to evaluate the role of glutamate supplementation for preventing PAC-induced peripheral neuropathy in a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blinded clinical and electro-diagnostic study. Forty-three ENTD ovarian cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTD ovarian cancer ENTDEND patients were available for analysis following six cycles of the same PAC-containing regimen: 23 had been supplemented by ENTC glutamate ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND sensation (P = 0.011). Also the frequency of abnormal electro-diagnostic findings showed similarity between the two groups (G: 7/23 = 30.4%; P: 6/20 = 30%). This pilot study leads to the conclusion that glutamate supplementation at the chosen regimen fails to protect against peripheral neurotoxicity of ENTC PAC ENTCEND
0	ENTC amino acid ENTCEND glutamine were claimed to ameliorate PAC neurotoxicity. This pilot trial aimed to evaluate the role of glutamate supplementation for preventing PAC-induced peripheral neuropathy in a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blinded clinical and electro-diagnostic study. Forty-three ovarian cancer patients were available for analysis following six cycles of the same PAC-containing regimen: 23 had been supplemented by glutamate all along the treatment period, at a daily dose of three times 500 mg (group G), and 20 had received a placebo (group P). Patients were evaluated by neurological examinations, questionnaires and sensory-motor nerve conduction studies. There was no significant difference in the frequency of signs or symptoms between the two groups although neurotoxicity symptoms presented mostly with lower scores of severity in group G. However, this difference reached statistical significance only with regard to reported ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND sensation (P = 0.011). Also the frequency of abnormal electro-diagnostic findings showed similarity between the two groups (G: 7/23 = 30.4%; P: 6/20 = 30%). This pilot study leads to the conclusion that ENTC glutamate ENTCEND
1	ENTD peripheral neurotoxicity ENTDEND of ENTC PAC ENTCEND
0	ENTD peripheral neuropathy ENTDEND is still a significant limiting factor for chemotherapy with paclitaxel (PAC), although glutamate and its closely related ENTC amino acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC glutamate ENTCEND supplementation for preventing PAC-induced ENTD peripheral neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC PAC ENTCEND ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC amino acid ENTCEND glutamine were claimed to ameliorate PAC ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC glutamine ENTCEND were claimed to ameliorate PAC ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTD oliguric renal failure ENTDEND  while they were receiving a combination of cephalothin sodium and ENTC gentamicin sulfate ENTCEND
1	ENTD oliguric renal failure ENTDEND  while they were receiving a combination of ENTC cephalothin sodium ENTCEND
1	ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND  regimen.Two patients developed ENTD acute tubular necrosis ENTDEND
1	ENTC cephalothin ENTCEND -gentamicin regimen.Two patients developed ENTD acute tubular necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD Nephrotoxicity ENTDEND  of combined cephalothin ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD Nephrotoxicity ENTDEND  of combined ENTC cephalothin ENTCEND
0	ENTD oliguric renal failure ENTDEND  while they were receiving a combination of cephalothin sodium and ENTC gentamicin sulfate ENTCEND
0	ENTD oliguric renal failure ENTDEND  while they were receiving a combination of ENTC cephalothin sodium ENTCEND
1	ENTC ouabain ENTCEND ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTC GYKI-41 099 ENTCEND  as a beta-adrenergic antagonist, is 3-8 times more potent than propranolol in vitro and in vivo. Its antiarrhythmic effectiveness surpasses that of propranolol and pindolol inhibiting the ouabain ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTC pindolol ENTCEND inhibiting the ouabain ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND and pindolol inhibiting the ouabain ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTD infectious mononucleosis ENTDEND with polyclonal PTLD lung infiltrate) and two had bronchiolitis obliterans. There were no deaths. ENTC RAPA ENTCEND
0	ENTD infectious mononucleosis ENTDEND with polyclonal PTLD lung infiltrate) and two had bronchiolitis obliterans. There were no deaths. RAPA was discontinued in four patients, because of pneumonia in two, PTLD in one, and oral aphtous ulcers in one. RAPA levels were high (>15 ng/ml) in 7 of 13 (54%) patients. CONCLUSIONS: RAPA conversion provides adequate immunosuppression to enable ENTC CsA ENTCEND
0	ENTC Tac ENTCEND toxicity (3), severe facial dysmorphism (2), posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorder (PTLD) in remission (2), and hepatotoxicity in 1. Follow-up is 7 to 24 months. RESULTS: In the 12 patients switched because of chronic nephrotoxicity there was a significant decrease in serum creatinine [233+/-34 to 210+/-56 micromol/liter (P<0.05) at 6 months]. Facial dysmorphism improved in two patients. No relapse of PTLD was observed. Five patients developed pneumonia (two Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia, one ENTD infectious mononucleosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND [233+/-34 to 210+/-56 micromol/liter (P<0.05) at 6 months]. Facial dysmorphism improved in two patients. No relapse of PTLD was observed. Five patients developed pneumonia (two Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia, one ENTD infectious mononucleosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD bronchiolitis obliterans ENTDEND  There were no deaths. ENTC RAPA ENTCEND
0	ENTD bronchiolitis obliterans ENTDEND  There were no deaths. RAPA was discontinued in four patients, because of pneumonia in two, PTLD in one, and oral aphtous ulcers in one. RAPA levels were high (>15 ng/ml) in 7 of 13 (54%) patients. CONCLUSIONS: RAPA conversion provides adequate immunosuppression to enable ENTC CsA ENTCEND
0	ENTC Tac ENTCEND toxicity (3), severe facial dysmorphism (2), posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorder (PTLD) in remission (2), and hepatotoxicity in 1. Follow-up is 7 to 24 months. RESULTS: In the 12 patients switched because of chronic nephrotoxicity there was a significant decrease in serum creatinine [233+/-34 to 210+/-56 micromol/liter (P<0.05) at 6 months]. Facial dysmorphism improved in two patients. No relapse of PTLD was observed. Five patients developed pneumonia (two Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia, one infectious mononucleosis with polyclonal PTLD lung infiltrate) and two had ENTD bronchiolitis obliterans ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND [233+/-34 to 210+/-56 micromol/liter (P<0.05) at 6 months]. Facial dysmorphism improved in two patients. No relapse of PTLD was observed. Five patients developed pneumonia (two Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia, one infectious mononucleosis with polyclonal PTLD lung infiltrate) and two had ENTD bronchiolitis obliterans ENTDEND
0	ENTD PTLD ENTDEND in one, and oral aphtous ulcers in one. ENTC RAPA ENTCEND
0	ENTC CsA ENTCEND or Tac toxicity (3), severe facial dysmorphism (2), ENTD posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTC Tac ENTCEND toxicity (3), severe facial dysmorphism (2), ENTD posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND [233+/-34 to 210+/-56 micromol/liter (P<0.05) at 6 months]. Facial dysmorphism improved in two patients. No relapse of ENTD PTLD ENTDEND
0	ENTC RAPA ENTCEND conversion in patients undergoing cyclosporine (CsA) or tacrolimus (Tac) ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC CsA ENTCEND or Tac ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC Tac ENTCEND ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND (3), severe facial dysmorphism (2), posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorder (PTLD) in remission (2), and hepatotoxicity in 1. Follow-up is 7 to 24 months. RESULTS: In the 12 patients switched because of chronic nephrotoxicity there was a significant decrease in serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD aphtous ulcers ENTDEND in one. ENTC RAPA ENTCEND
0	ENTD aphtous ulcers ENTDEND in one. RAPA levels were high (>15 ng/ml) in 7 of 13 (54%) patients. CONCLUSIONS: RAPA conversion provides adequate immunosuppression to enable ENTC CsA ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND [233+/-34 to 210+/-56 micromol/liter (P<0.05) at 6 months]. Facial dysmorphism improved in two patients. No relapse of PTLD was observed. Five patients developed pneumonia (two Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia, one infectious mononucleosis with polyclonal PTLD lung infiltrate) and two had bronchiolitis obliterans. There were no deaths. RAPA was discontinued in four patients, because of pneumonia in two, PTLD in one, and oral ENTD aphtous ulcers ENTDEND
0	ENTC RAPA ENTCEND drug levels should be monitored to avoid over-immunosuppression and adequate antiviral and ENTD Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia ENTDEND
0	ENTC CsA ENTCEND withdrawal. However, when converting patients to RAPA drug levels should be monitored to avoid over-immunosuppression and adequate antiviral and ENTD Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Tac ENTCEND toxicity (3), severe facial dysmorphism (2), posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorder (PTLD) in remission (2), and hepatotoxicity in 1. Follow-up is 7 to 24 months. RESULTS: In the 12 patients switched because of chronic nephrotoxicity there was a significant decrease in serum creatinine [233+/-34 to 210+/-56 micromol/liter (P<0.05) at 6 months]. Facial dysmorphism improved in two patients. No relapse of PTLD was observed. Five patients developed pneumonia (two ENTD Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND [233+/-34 to 210+/-56 micromol/liter (P<0.05) at 6 months]. Facial dysmorphism improved in two patients. No relapse of PTLD was observed. Five patients developed pneumonia (two ENTD Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia ENTDEND
0	ENTC RAPA ENTCEND  (5 mg/day) 0 to 204 months posttransplant. Drug monitoring was not initially used to adjust doses. The indications for switch were chronic CsA or Tac ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC CsA ENTCEND or Tac ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC Tac ENTCEND ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND there was a significant decrease in serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTC RAPA ENTCEND  (5 mg/day) 0 to 204 months posttransplant. Drug monitoring was not initially used to adjust doses. The indications for switch were chronic CsA or Tac nephrotoxicity (12), acute CsA or Tac toxicity (3), severe facial dysmorphism (2), posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorder (PTLD) in remission (2), and ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC CsA ENTCEND or Tac toxicity (3), severe facial dysmorphism (2), posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorder (PTLD) in remission (2), and ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC Tac ENTCEND toxicity (3), severe facial dysmorphism (2), posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorder (PTLD) in remission (2), and ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND in 1. Follow-up is 7 to 24 months. RESULTS: In the 12 patients switched because of chronic nephrotoxicity there was a significant decrease in serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTC RAPA ENTCEND was discontinued in four patients, because of ENTD pneumonia ENTDEND
0	ENTD pneumonia ENTDEND in two, PTLD in one, and oral aphtous ulcers in one. RAPA levels were high (>15 ng/ml) in 7 of 13 (54%) patients. CONCLUSIONS: RAPA conversion provides adequate immunosuppression to enable ENTC CsA ENTCEND
0	ENTC Tac ENTCEND toxicity (3), severe facial dysmorphism (2), posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorder (PTLD) in remission (2), and hepatotoxicity in 1. Follow-up is 7 to 24 months. RESULTS: In the 12 patients switched because of chronic nephrotoxicity there was a significant decrease in serum creatinine [233+/-34 to 210+/-56 micromol/liter (P<0.05) at 6 months]. Facial dysmorphism improved in two patients. No relapse of PTLD was observed. Five patients developed ENTD pneumonia ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND [233+/-34 to 210+/-56 micromol/liter (P<0.05) at 6 months]. Facial dysmorphism improved in two patients. No relapse of PTLD was observed. Five patients developed ENTD pneumonia ENTDEND
0	ENTC testosterone ENTCEND  and LH. The patients of the study and control group (without digoxin) were of similar cardiac functional capacity and age (25-40 years) and were randomly selected from the ENTD rheumatic heart disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC estradiol ENTCEND  testosterone, and LH. The patients of the study and control group (without digoxin) were of similar cardiac functional capacity and age (25-40 years) and were randomly selected from the ENTD rheumatic heart disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC digoxin ENTCEND  were of similar cardiac functional capacity and age (25-40 years) and were randomly selected from the ENTD rheumatic heart disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC estrogen ENTCEND and decreased levels of plasma testosterone and luteinizing hormone (LH). This study was undertaken to investigate the links between the long-term administration of digoxin therapy and sexual behavior, and the effect of digoxin on plasma levels of estradiol, testosterone, and LH. The patients of the study and control group (without digoxin) were of similar cardiac functional capacity and age (25-40 years) and were randomly selected from the ENTD rheumatic heart disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC testosterone ENTCEND  and LH. The differences in the means were significant. Tests used to evaluate the changes in sexual behavior showed a significant ENTD decrease in sexual desire ENTDEND
0	ENTC estradiol ENTCEND  testosterone, and LH. The differences in the means were significant. Tests used to evaluate the changes in sexual behavior showed a significant ENTD decrease in sexual desire ENTDEND
1	ENTD sexual dysfunction ENTDEND  of patients on long-term administration of ENTC digoxin ENTCEND
0	ENTD sexual dysfunction ENTDEND  of patients on long-term administration of digoxin.Various data suggest that male patients who have received digoxin on a longterm basis have increased levels of serum ENTC estrogen ENTCEND
1	ENTD seizure ENTDEND patients who had a plasma sample collected as part of their clinical evaluation. Plasma was tested for amphetamine and the cocaine metabolite ENTC benzoylecgonine ENTCEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND and amphetamines in adult ENTD seizure ENTDEND
0	ENTC amphetamines ENTCEND in adult ENTD seizure ENTDEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND in adult emergency department ENTD seizure ENTDEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND related ENTD seizure ENTDEND
0	ENTC benzoylecgonine ENTCEND and no samples (0%, 95% CI 0-1.2%) were positive for amphetamine. Positive test results were more common in patient visits where there was a history or suspicion of ENTD cocaine or amphetamine abuse ENTDEND
0	ENTD cocaine or amphetamine abuse ENTDEND (p < 0.0005). CONCLUSIONS: During this study period, routine plasma screening for ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cocaine or amphetamine abuse ENTDEND (p < 0.0005). CONCLUSIONS: During this study period, routine plasma screening for cocaine and ENTC amphetamines ENTCEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND  Positive test results were more common in patient visits where there was a history or suspicion of ENTD cocaine or amphetamine abuse ENTDEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND related seizure disorder, estimated time from seizure to sample collection, history or suspicion of ENTD cocaine or amphetamine abuse ENTDEND
0	ENTC benzoylecgonine ENTCEND and no samples (0%, 95% CI 0-1.2%) were positive for amphetamine. Positive test results were more common in patient visits where there was a history or suspicion of cocaine or amphetamine abuse (p < 0.0005). CONCLUSIONS: During this study period, routine plasma screening for cocaine and amphetamines in adult seizure patients had a low yield. As a result, routine plasma screening would yield few cases of stimulant drug in which there was neither a history nor suspicion of ENTD drug abuse ENTDEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND and amphetamines in adult seizure patients had a low yield. As a result, routine plasma screening would yield few cases of stimulant drug in which there was neither a history nor suspicion of ENTD drug abuse ENTDEND
0	ENTC amphetamines ENTCEND in adult seizure patients had a low yield. As a result, routine plasma screening would yield few cases of stimulant drug in which there was neither a history nor suspicion of ENTD drug abuse ENTDEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND  Positive test results were more common in patient visits where there was a history or suspicion of cocaine or amphetamine abuse (p < 0.0005). CONCLUSIONS: During this study period, routine plasma screening for cocaine and amphetamines in adult seizure patients had a low yield. As a result, routine plasma screening would yield few cases of stimulant drug in which there was neither a history nor suspicion of ENTD drug abuse ENTDEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND related seizure disorder, estimated time from seizure to sample collection, history or suspicion of cocaine or amphetamine abuse, results of clinical urine testing for drugs of abuse, and assay results were recorded without patient identifiers. RESULTS: Fourteen of 248 (5.6%, 95% CI 2.7%-8.5%) plasma samples were positive by immunoassay testing for benzoylecgonine and no samples (0%, 95% CI 0-1.2%) were positive for amphetamine. Positive test results were more common in patient visits where there was a history or suspicion of cocaine or amphetamine abuse (p < 0.0005). CONCLUSIONS: During this study period, routine plasma screening for cocaine and amphetamines in adult seizure patients had a low yield. As a result, routine plasma screening would yield few cases of stimulant drug in which there was neither a history nor suspicion of ENTD drug abuse ENTDEND
0	ENTC benzoylecgonine ENTCEND and no samples (0%, 95% CI 0-1.2%) were positive for amphetamine. Positive test results were more common in patient visits where there was a history or suspicion of ENTD cocaine or amphetamine abuse ENTDEND
0	ENTD cocaine or amphetamine abuse ENTDEND (p < 0.0005). CONCLUSIONS: During this study period, routine plasma screening for ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cocaine or amphetamine abuse ENTDEND (p < 0.0005). CONCLUSIONS: During this study period, routine plasma screening for cocaine and ENTC amphetamines ENTCEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND  Positive test results were more common in patient visits where there was a history or suspicion of ENTD cocaine or amphetamine abuse ENTDEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND related seizure disorder, estimated time from seizure to sample collection, history or suspicion of ENTD cocaine or amphetamine abuse ENTDEND
1	ENTC methyldopa ENTCEND were seen between 1967 and 1977. Illness occurred within 1--9 weeks of commencement of therapy in 9 patients, the remaining 3 patients having received the drug for 13 months, 15 months and 7 years before experiencing symptoms. Jaundice with tender hepatomegaly, usually preceded by symptoms of malaise, ENTD anorexia ENTDEND
1	ENTC methyldopa ENTCEND were seen between 1967 and 1977. Illness occurred within 1--9 weeks of commencement of therapy in 9 patients, the remaining 3 patients having received the drug for 13 months, 15 months and 7 years before experiencing symptoms. Jaundice with tender hepatomegaly, usually preceded by symptoms of malaise, anorexia, nausea and ENTD vomiting ENTDEND
0	ENTD hepatic failure ENTDEND  and another, who had been taking ENTC methyldopa ENTCEND
1	ENTC methyldopa ENTCEND were seen between 1967 and 1977. Illness occurred within 1--9 weeks of commencement of therapy in 9 patients, the remaining 3 patients having received the drug for 13 months, 15 months and 7 years before experiencing symptoms. Jaundice with tender hepatomegaly, usually preceded by symptoms of malaise, anorexia, nausea and vomiting, and associated with upper ENTD abdominal pain ENTDEND
1	ENTD cholestasis ENTDEND  The drug was withdrawn on presentation to hospital in 11 patients, with rapid clinical improvement in 9. One patient died, having presented in hepatic failure, and another, who had been taking ENTC methyldopa ENTCEND
1	ENTC methyldopa ENTCEND were seen between 1967 and 1977. Illness occurred within 1--9 weeks of commencement of therapy in 9 patients, the remaining 3 patients having received the drug for 13 months, 15 months and 7 years before experiencing symptoms. Jaundice with tender hepatomegaly, usually preceded by symptoms of malaise, anorexia, ENTD nausea ENTDEND
1	ENTD necrosis ENTDEND to massive hepatic necrosis. Most patients showed moderate to severe acute hepatitis or chronic active hepatitis with associated cholestasis. The drug was withdrawn on presentation to hospital in 11 patients, with rapid clinical improvement in 9. One patient died, having presented in hepatic failure, and another, who had been taking ENTC methyldopa ENTCEND
0	ENTC methyldopa ENTCEND and ENTD hepatic dysfunction ENTDEND
1	ENTC methyldopa ENTCEND were seen between 1967 and 1977. Illness occurred within 1--9 weeks of commencement of therapy in 9 patients, the remaining 3 patients having received the drug for 13 months, 15 months and 7 years before experiencing symptoms. Jaundice with tender ENTD hepatomegaly ENTDEND
1	ENTC methyldopa ENTCEND induced ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND
1	ENTD fatty change ENTDEND and focal hepatocellular necrosis to massive hepatic necrosis. Most patients showed moderate to severe acute hepatitis or chronic active hepatitis with associated cholestasis. The drug was withdrawn on presentation to hospital in 11 patients, with rapid clinical improvement in 9. One patient died, having presented in hepatic failure, and another, who had been taking ENTC methyldopa ENTCEND
1	ENTC methyldopa ENTCEND were seen between 1967 and 1977. Illness occurred within 1--9 weeks of commencement of therapy in 9 patients, the remaining 3 patients having received the drug for 13 months, 15 months and 7 years before experiencing symptoms. ENTD Jaundice ENTDEND
0	ENTD fulminant hepatitis ENTDEND when the drug was accidentally recommenced 1 year after a prior episode of ENTC methyldopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD chronic active hepatitis ENTDEND with associated cholestasis. The drug was withdrawn on presentation to hospital in 11 patients, with rapid clinical improvement in 9. One patient died, having presented in hepatic failure, and another, who had been taking ENTC methyldopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD massive hepatic necrosis ENTDEND  Most patients showed moderate to severe acute hepatitis or chronic active hepatitis with associated cholestasis. The drug was withdrawn on presentation to hospital in 11 patients, with rapid clinical improvement in 9. One patient died, having presented in hepatic failure, and another, who had been taking ENTC methyldopa ENTCEND
0	ENTC furosemide ENTCEND --importance of magnesium supplementation.Diuretics may induce hypokalemia, hypocalcemia and ENTD hypomagnesemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypomagnesemia ENTDEND is associated with muscle spasms and tetany which cannot be corrected by ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTC magnesium ENTCEND  supplementation.Diuretics may induce hypokalemia, hypocalcemia and ENTD hypomagnesemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypomagnesemia ENTDEND is associated with muscle spasms and tetany which cannot be corrected by potassium and ENTC calcium ENTCEND
1	ENTD Tetany ENTDEND  and rhabdomyolysis due to surreptitious ENTC furosemide ENTCEND
0	ENTD tetany ENTDEND which cannot be corrected by ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTD Tetany ENTDEND  and rhabdomyolysis due to surreptitious furosemide--importance of ENTC magnesium ENTCEND
0	ENTD tetany ENTDEND which cannot be corrected by potassium and ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC furosemide ENTCEND --importance of magnesium supplementation.Diuretics may induce ENTD hypokalemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypokalemia ENTDEND may cause muscle weakness, severe hypomagnesemia is associated with muscle spasms and tetany which cannot be corrected by ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTC magnesium ENTCEND  supplementation.Diuretics may induce ENTD hypokalemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypokalemia ENTDEND may cause muscle weakness, severe hypomagnesemia is associated with muscle spasms and tetany which cannot be corrected by potassium and ENTC calcium ENTCEND
1	ENTD rhabdomyolysis ENTDEND  due to surreptitious ENTC furosemide ENTCEND
0	ENTD rhabdomyolysis ENTDEND  due to surreptitious furosemide--importance of magnesium supplementation.Diuretics may induce hypokalemia, hypocalcemia and hypomagnesemia. While severe hypokalemia may cause muscle weakness, severe hypomagnesemia is associated with muscle spasms and tetany which cannot be corrected by ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTD rhabdomyolysis ENTDEND  due to surreptitious furosemide--importance of ENTC magnesium ENTCEND
0	ENTD rhabdomyolysis ENTDEND  due to surreptitious furosemide--importance of magnesium supplementation.Diuretics may induce hypokalemia, hypocalcemia and hypomagnesemia. While severe hypokalemia may cause muscle weakness, severe hypomagnesemia is associated with muscle spasms and tetany which cannot be corrected by potassium and ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC furosemide ENTCEND --importance of magnesium supplementation.Diuretics may induce hypokalemia, hypocalcemia and hypomagnesemia. While severe hypokalemia may cause muscle weakness, severe hypomagnesemia is associated with ENTD muscle spasms ENTDEND
0	ENTD muscle spasms ENTDEND and tetany which cannot be corrected by ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTC magnesium ENTCEND  supplementation.Diuretics may induce hypokalemia, hypocalcemia and hypomagnesemia. While severe hypokalemia may cause muscle weakness, severe hypomagnesemia is associated with ENTD muscle spasms ENTDEND
0	ENTD muscle spasms ENTDEND and tetany which cannot be corrected by potassium and ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC furosemide ENTCEND --importance of magnesium supplementation.Diuretics may induce hypokalemia, hypocalcemia and hypomagnesemia. While severe hypokalemia may cause ENTD muscle weakness ENTDEND
0	ENTD muscle weakness ENTDEND  severe hypomagnesemia is associated with muscle spasms and tetany which cannot be corrected by ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTC magnesium ENTCEND  supplementation.Diuretics may induce hypokalemia, hypocalcemia and hypomagnesemia. While severe hypokalemia may cause ENTD muscle weakness ENTDEND
0	ENTD muscle weakness ENTDEND  severe hypomagnesemia is associated with muscle spasms and tetany which cannot be corrected by potassium and ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC furosemide ENTCEND --importance of magnesium supplementation.Diuretics may induce hypokalemia, hypocalcemia and hypomagnesemia. While severe hypokalemia may cause muscle weakness, severe hypomagnesemia is associated with muscle spasms and tetany which cannot be corrected by potassium and calcium supplementation alone (1,2). Surreptitious diuretic ingestion has been described, mainly in women who are concerned that they are obese or ENTD edematous ENTDEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND and calcium supplementation alone (1,2). Surreptitious diuretic ingestion has been described, mainly in women who are concerned that they are obese or ENTD edematous ENTDEND
0	ENTD edematous ENTDEND  Symptomatic hypokalemia has been reported in such patients (3-7) and in one case hypocalcemia was observed (8), but the effects of ENTC magnesium ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND supplementation alone (1,2). Surreptitious diuretic ingestion has been described, mainly in women who are concerned that they are obese or ENTD edematous ENTDEND
0	ENTC furosemide ENTCEND --importance of magnesium supplementation.Diuretics may induce hypokalemia, hypocalcemia and hypomagnesemia. While severe hypokalemia may cause muscle weakness, severe hypomagnesemia is associated with muscle spasms and tetany which cannot be corrected by potassium and calcium supplementation alone (1,2). Surreptitious diuretic ingestion has been described, mainly in women who are concerned that they are ENTD obese ENTDEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND and calcium supplementation alone (1,2). Surreptitious diuretic ingestion has been described, mainly in women who are concerned that they are ENTD obese ENTDEND
0	ENTD obese ENTDEND or edematous. Symptomatic hypokalemia has been reported in such patients (3-7) and in one case hypocalcemia was observed (8), but the effects of ENTC magnesium ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND supplementation alone (1,2). Surreptitious diuretic ingestion has been described, mainly in women who are concerned that they are ENTD obese ENTDEND
0	ENTC furosemide ENTCEND --importance of magnesium supplementation.Diuretics may induce hypokalemia, ENTD hypocalcemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypocalcemia ENTDEND and hypomagnesemia. While severe hypokalemia may cause muscle weakness, severe hypomagnesemia is associated with muscle spasms and tetany which cannot be corrected by ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypocalcemia ENTDEND was observed (8), but the effects of ENTC magnesium ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypocalcemia ENTDEND and hypomagnesemia. While severe hypokalemia may cause muscle weakness, severe hypomagnesemia is associated with muscle spasms and tetany which cannot be corrected by potassium and ENTC calcium ENTCEND
1	ENTC enflurane ENTCEND and isoflurane, have been associated with an allergic-type ENTD hepatic injury ENTDEND
0	ENTC trifluoroacetyl ENTCEND adduct) has been detected on halothane ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND
1	ENTC Halothane ENTCEND ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND
1	ENTC isoflurane ENTCEND  have been associated with an allergic-type ENTD hepatic injury ENTDEND
0	ENTC enflurane ENTCEND and isoflurane with the ENTD hypersensitivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC trifluoroacetyl ENTCEND adduct) has been detected on halothane hepatitis patients. This study was performed to determine cross-reactivity between enflurane and isoflurane with the ENTD hypersensitivity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypersensitivity ENTDEND induced by ENTC halothane ENTCEND
0	ENTC isoflurane ENTCEND with the ENTD hypersensitivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC Adenosine ENTCEND produced no effect on ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND injection were determined. RESULTS: Adenosine produced no effect on ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD neuropathic pain ENTDEND and is not due to prolonged residence of ENTC adenosine ENTCEND
0	ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND injection. The long-lasting effect is consistent with that observed in preliminary reports of patients with chronic ENTD neuropathic pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC adenosine ENTCEND suggest it may be effective in the treatment of ENTD acute and chronic pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD acute and chronic pain ENTDEND in humans, and preliminary studies in volunteers and patients with a Swedish formulation of adenosine suggests it may be effective in hypersensitivity states but not with acute noxious stimulation. The purpose of this study was to screen for efficacy of a different formulation of adenosine marketed in the US, using both acute noxious stimulation and ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC adenosine ENTCEND suggest it may be effective in the treatment of ENTD acute and chronic pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD acute and chronic pain ENTDEND in humans, and preliminary studies in volunteers and patients with a Swedish formulation of adenosine suggests it may be effective in hypersensitivity states but not with acute noxious stimulation. The purpose of this study was to screen for efficacy of a different formulation of adenosine marketed in the US, using both acute noxious stimulation and ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD allodynia ENTDEND after intradermal capsaicin injection were determined. RESULTS: ENTC Adenosine ENTCEND
1	ENTD allodynia ENTDEND from intradermal ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC adenosine ENTCEND of ENTD hypersensitivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND evoked mechanical ENTD hypersensitivity ENTDEND
1	ENTC CCNU ENTCEND was used most commonly in the treatment of lymphoma, mast cell tumour, brain tumour, histiocytic tumours and epitheliotropic lymphoma. Throughout treatment, 56.9% of dogs experienced neutropenia, 34.2% experienced ENTD anaemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD anaemia ENTDEND and 14.2% experienced thrombocytopenia. Gastrointestinal toxicosis was detected in 37.8% of dogs, the most common sign of which was vomiting (24.3%). Potential renal toxicity and elevated ENTC alanine ENTCEND
1	ENTC CCNU ENTCEND was used most commonly in the treatment of lymphoma, mast cell tumour, brain tumour, histiocytic tumours and epitheliotropic lymphoma. Throughout treatment, 56.9% of dogs experienced ENTD neutropenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD neutropenia ENTDEND  34.2% experienced anaemia and 14.2% experienced thrombocytopenia. Gastrointestinal toxicosis was detected in 37.8% of dogs, the most common sign of which was vomiting (24.3%). Potential renal toxicity and elevated ENTC alanine ENTCEND
1	ENTD vomiting ENTDEND (24.3%). Potential renal toxicity and elevated alanine transaminase (ALT) concentration were reported in 12.2% and 48.8% of dogs, respectively. The incidence of hepatic failure was 1.2%. CONCLUSIONS: ENTC CCNU ENTCEND
0	ENTD vomiting ENTDEND (24.3%). Potential renal toxicity and elevated ENTC alanine ENTCEND
1	ENTD hepatic failure ENTDEND was 1.2%. CONCLUSIONS: ENTC CCNU ENTCEND
0	ENTC alanine ENTCEND transaminase (ALT) concentration were reported in 12.2% and 48.8% of dogs, respectively. The incidence of ENTD hepatic failure ENTDEND
1	ENTC CCNU ENTCEND was used most commonly in the treatment of lymphoma, mast cell tumour, brain tumour, histiocytic tumours and epitheliotropic lymphoma. Throughout treatment, 56.9% of dogs experienced neutropenia, 34.2% experienced anaemia and 14.2% experienced ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND  Gastrointestinal toxicosis was detected in 37.8% of dogs, the most common sign of which was vomiting (24.3%). Potential renal toxicity and elevated ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  ENTC CCNU ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND and elevated ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD haematological, renal, hepatic and gastrointestinal toxicities ENTDEND in tumour-bearing dogs receiving ENTC 1-(2-chloroethyl)-3-cyclohexyl-1-nitrosourea ENTCEND
1	ENTD haematological, renal, hepatic and gastrointestinal toxicities ENTDEND in tumour-bearing dogs receiving ENTC 1-(2-chloroethyl)-3-cyclohexyl-1-nitrosourea ENTCEND
1	ENTD haematological, renal, hepatic and gastrointestinal toxicities ENTDEND in tumour-bearing dogs receiving ENTC 1-(2-chloroethyl)-3-cyclohexyl-1-nitrosourea ENTCEND
0	ENTD Gastrointestinal toxicosis ENTDEND was detected in 37.8% of dogs, the most common sign of which was vomiting (24.3%). Potential renal toxicity and elevated ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTC CCNU ENTCEND was used most commonly in the treatment of lymphoma, mast cell tumour, brain tumour, ENTD histiocytic tumours ENTDEND
0	ENTD histiocytic tumours ENTDEND and epitheliotropic lymphoma. Throughout treatment, 56.9% of dogs experienced neutropenia, 34.2% experienced anaemia and 14.2% experienced thrombocytopenia. Gastrointestinal toxicosis was detected in 37.8% of dogs, the most common sign of which was vomiting (24.3%). Potential renal toxicity and elevated ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD haematological, renal, hepatic and gastrointestinal toxicities ENTDEND in tumour-bearing dogs receiving ENTC 1-(2-chloroethyl)-3-cyclohexyl-1-nitrosourea ENTCEND
0	ENTC CCNU ENTCEND was used most commonly in the treatment of ENTD lymphoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD epitheliotropic lymphoma ENTDEND  Throughout treatment, 56.9% of dogs experienced neutropenia, 34.2% experienced anaemia and 14.2% experienced thrombocytopenia. Gastrointestinal toxicosis was detected in 37.8% of dogs, the most common sign of which was vomiting (24.3%). Potential renal toxicity and elevated ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTC CCNU ENTCEND was used most commonly in the treatment of lymphoma, mast cell tumour, ENTD brain tumour ENTDEND
0	ENTD brain tumour ENTDEND  histiocytic tumours and epitheliotropic lymphoma. Throughout treatment, 56.9% of dogs experienced neutropenia, 34.2% experienced anaemia and 14.2% experienced thrombocytopenia. Gastrointestinal toxicosis was detected in 37.8% of dogs, the most common sign of which was vomiting (24.3%). Potential renal toxicity and elevated ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTC CCNU ENTCEND was used most commonly in the treatment of lymphoma, ENTD mast cell tumour ENTDEND
0	ENTD mast cell tumour ENTDEND  brain tumour, histiocytic tumours and epitheliotropic lymphoma. Throughout treatment, 56.9% of dogs experienced neutropenia, 34.2% experienced anaemia and 14.2% experienced thrombocytopenia. Gastrointestinal toxicosis was detected in 37.8% of dogs, the most common sign of which was vomiting (24.3%). Potential renal toxicity and elevated ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTC EE ENTCEND in women with acne, hirsutism or ENTD PCOS ENTDEND
0	ENTC CPA ENTCEND EE in women with acne, hirsutism or ENTD PCOS ENTDEND
0	ENTD PCOS ENTDEND . Previous studies have demonstrated an increased risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) associated with CPA/EE compared with conventional combined ENTC oral contraceptives ENTCEND
0	ENTC EE ENTCEND in women with acne, ENTD hirsutism ENTDEND
0	ENTC CPA ENTCEND EE in women with acne, ENTD hirsutism ENTDEND
0	ENTD hirsutism ENTDEND and is also a treatment option for polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Previous studies have demonstrated an increased risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) associated with CPA/EE compared with conventional combined ENTC oral contraceptives ENTCEND
0	ENTC EE ENTCEND in women with ENTD acne ENTDEND
0	ENTC CPA ENTCEND EE in women with ENTD acne ENTDEND
0	ENTD acne ENTDEND and hirsutism and is also a treatment option for polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Previous studies have demonstrated an increased risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) associated with CPA/EE compared with conventional combined ENTC oral contraceptives ENTCEND
1	ENTD VTE ENTDEND associated with CPA/ ENTC EE ENTCEND
1	ENTD VTE ENTDEND associated with ENTC CPA ENTCEND
0	ENTD VTE ENTDEND  associated with CPA/EE compared with conventional combined ENTC oral contraceptives ENTCEND
0	ENTD sensorineural hearing loss ENTDEND  In this experimental study we used 30 Sprague-Dawley rats, 27 of which had ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC NO ENTCEND inhibitors for the prevention of aminoglycoside-induced ENTD sensorineural hearing loss ENTDEND
0	ENTD sensorineural hearing loss ENTDEND  In this experimental study we used 30 Sprague-Dawley rats, 27 of which had gentamicin instilled into the middle ear. The otoprotectant ENTC L-NAME ENTCEND
0	ENTC aminoglycoside ENTCEND induced ENTD sensorineural hearing loss ENTDEND
0	ENTD high-frequency hearing loss ENTDEND caused by ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC NO ENTCEND  inhibitor nitro-L-arginine methyl ester (L-NAME) may act as an otoprotectant against ENTD high-frequency hearing loss ENTDEND
0	ENTC L-NAME ENTCEND  may act as an otoprotectant against ENTD high-frequency hearing loss ENTDEND
0	ENTD high-frequency hearing loss ENTDEND caused by gentamicin, but further studies are needed to confirm this. ENTC Aminoglycoside ENTCEND
0	ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND ENTD ototoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD ototoxicity ENTDEND .The ENTC nitric oxide ENTCEND
0	ENTD ototoxicity ENTDEND .The nitric oxide (NO) inhibitor ENTC nitro-L-arginine methyl ester ENTCEND
0	ENTC Aminoglycoside ENTCEND antibiotics are still widely used by virtue of their efficacy and low cost. Their ENTD ototoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND induced ENTD hearing loss ENTDEND
0	ENTC NO ENTCEND inhibitors for the prevention of aminoglycoside-induced sensorineural hearing loss. In this experimental study we used 30 Sprague-Dawley rats, 27 of which had gentamicin instilled into the middle ear. The otoprotectant L-NAME was administered topically to 12/27 animals. Its effect was determined in terms of attenuation of ENTD hearing loss ENTDEND
0	ENTC L-NAME ENTCEND reduced gentamicin-induced ENTD hearing loss ENTDEND
0	ENTC aminoglycoside ENTCEND induced sensorineural hearing loss. In this experimental study we used 30 Sprague-Dawley rats, 27 of which had gentamicin instilled into the middle ear. The otoprotectant L-NAME was administered topically to 12/27 animals. Its effect was determined in terms of attenuation of ENTD hearing loss ENTDEND
0	ENTC Oxytocin ENTCEND induced hypotension at cesarean delivery may be incorrectly attributed to ENTD blood loss ENTDEND
1	ENTC Oxytocin ENTCEND induced ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD stroke ENTDEND volume. ENTC Oxytocin ENTCEND
0	ENTD cancer ENTDEND pain and chronic non malignant pain. This drug was initiated in association with paroxetine and ENTC dosulepine hydrochloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD cancer ENTDEND pain and chronic non malignant pain. This drug was initiated in association with ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Tramadol ENTCEND is a weak opioid with effects on adrenergic and serotonergic neurotransmission that is used to treat ENTD cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND  This drug was initiated in association with paroxetine and ENTC dosulepine hydrochloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND  This drug was initiated in association with ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND
0	ENTC tramadol ENTCEND  The case report questions the long term use of ENTD pain ENTDEND
1	ENTC dosulepine hydrochloride ENTCEND in a tetraparetic patient with chronic pain. Fifty-six days after initiation of the treatment the patient presented ENTD hallucinations ENTDEND
1	ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND and dosulepine hydrochloride in a tetraparetic patient with chronic pain. Fifty-six days after initiation of the treatment the patient presented ENTD hallucinations ENTDEND
1	ENTD hallucinations ENTDEND  after long-term intake of ENTC tramadol ENTCEND
0	ENTC dosulepine hydrochloride ENTCEND in a tetraparetic patient with ENTD chronic pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND and dosulepine hydrochloride in a tetraparetic patient with ENTD chronic pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD chronic pain ENTDEND  Fifty-six days after initiation of the treatment the patient presented hallucinations that only stopped after the withdrawal of psycho-active drugs and ENTC tramadol ENTCEND
1	ENTC puromycin aminonucleoside ENTCEND -induced nephrosis.The appearance of ENTD nephrotic syndromes ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotic syndromes ENTDEND such as proteinuria, hypoalbuminemia, hypercholesterolemia and increase in blood nitrogen urea, induced in rats by injection of puromycin aminonucleoside was markedly inhibited by oral administration of Dup 753 (losartan), a novel angiotensin II receptor antagonist, at a dose of 1 or 2 mg/kg per day. The results suggest a possible involvement of the renin- ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTC Dup 753 ENTCEND  prevents the development of puromycin aminonucleoside-induced nephrosis.The appearance of ENTD nephrotic syndromes ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotic syndromes ENTDEND such as proteinuria, hypoalbuminemia, hypercholesterolemia and increase in ENTC blood nitrogen urea ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotic syndromes ENTDEND such as proteinuria, hypoalbuminemia, hypercholesterolemia and increase in blood nitrogen urea, induced in rats by injection of puromycin aminonucleoside was markedly inhibited by oral administration of Dup 753 (losartan), a novel ENTC angiotensin II ENTCEND
1	ENTC puromycin aminonucleoside ENTCEND -induced nephrosis.The appearance of nephrotic syndromes such as proteinuria, ENTD hypoalbuminemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypoalbuminemia ENTDEND  hypercholesterolemia and increase in blood nitrogen urea, induced in rats by injection of puromycin aminonucleoside was markedly inhibited by oral administration of Dup 753 (losartan), a novel angiotensin II receptor antagonist, at a dose of 1 or 2 mg/kg per day. The results suggest a possible involvement of the renin- ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTC Dup 753 ENTCEND  prevents the development of puromycin aminonucleoside-induced nephrosis.The appearance of nephrotic syndromes such as proteinuria, ENTD hypoalbuminemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypoalbuminemia ENTDEND  hypercholesterolemia and increase in ENTC blood nitrogen urea ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypoalbuminemia ENTDEND  hypercholesterolemia and increase in blood nitrogen urea, induced in rats by injection of puromycin aminonucleoside was markedly inhibited by oral administration of Dup 753 (losartan), a novel ENTC angiotensin II ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypercholesterolemia ENTDEND and increase in blood nitrogen urea, induced in rats by injection of ENTC puromycin aminonucleoside ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypercholesterolemia ENTDEND and increase in blood nitrogen urea, induced in rats by injection of puromycin aminonucleoside was markedly inhibited by oral administration of Dup 753 (losartan), a novel angiotensin II receptor antagonist, at a dose of 1 or 2 mg/kg per day. The results suggest a possible involvement of the renin- ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypercholesterolemia ENTDEND and increase in blood nitrogen urea, induced in rats by injection of puromycin aminonucleoside was markedly inhibited by oral administration of ENTC Dup 753 ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypercholesterolemia ENTDEND and increase in ENTC blood nitrogen urea ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypercholesterolemia ENTDEND and increase in blood nitrogen urea, induced in rats by injection of puromycin aminonucleoside was markedly inhibited by oral administration of Dup 753 (losartan), a novel ENTC angiotensin II ENTCEND
0	ENTC puromycin aminonucleoside ENTCEND -induced ENTD nephrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND system in the development of puromycin aminonucleoside-induced ENTD nephrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC Dup 753 ENTCEND  prevents the development of puromycin aminonucleoside-induced ENTD nephrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrosis ENTDEND .The appearance of nephrotic syndromes such as proteinuria, hypoalbuminemia, hypercholesterolemia and increase in ENTC blood nitrogen urea ENTCEND
0	ENTC angiotensin II ENTCEND receptor antagonist, at a dose of 1 or 2 mg/kg per day. The results suggest a possible involvement of the renin-angiotensin system in the development of puromycin aminonucleoside-induced ENTD nephrosis ENTDEND
1	ENTC puromycin aminonucleoside ENTCEND -induced nephrosis.The appearance of nephrotic syndromes such as ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND  hypoalbuminemia, hypercholesterolemia and increase in blood nitrogen urea, induced in rats by injection of puromycin aminonucleoside was markedly inhibited by oral administration of Dup 753 (losartan), a novel angiotensin II receptor antagonist, at a dose of 1 or 2 mg/kg per day. The results suggest a possible involvement of the renin- ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTC Dup 753 ENTCEND  prevents the development of puromycin aminonucleoside-induced nephrosis.The appearance of nephrotic syndromes such as ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND  hypoalbuminemia, hypercholesterolemia and increase in ENTC blood nitrogen urea ENTCEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND  hypoalbuminemia, hypercholesterolemia and increase in blood nitrogen urea, induced in rats by injection of puromycin aminonucleoside was markedly inhibited by oral administration of Dup 753 (losartan), a novel ENTC angiotensin II ENTCEND
0	ENTC amine ENTCEND used in over-the-counter cold remedies and weight-control preparations worldwide. Its use has been associated with ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND episodes and hemorrhagic strokes in younger women. Several reports have linked the abuse of ENTC PPA ENTCEND
0	ENTC amine ENTCEND used in over-the-counter cold remedies and weight-control preparations worldwide. Its use has been associated with hypertensive episodes and hemorrhagic strokes in younger women. Several reports have linked the abuse of PPA with ENTD myocardial injury ENTDEND
0	ENTC PPA ENTCEND with ENTD myocardial injury ENTDEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND .Phenylpropanolamine (PPA) is a sympathetic ENTC amine ENTCEND
1	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND . ENTC Phenylpropanolamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC amine ENTCEND used in over-the-counter cold remedies and weight-control preparations worldwide. Its use has been associated with hypertensive episodes and ENTD hemorrhagic strokes ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemorrhagic strokes ENTDEND in younger women. Several reports have linked the abuse of ENTC PPA ENTCEND
0	ENTC amine ENTCEND used in over-the-counter cold remedies and weight-control preparations worldwide. Its use has been associated with hypertensive episodes and hemorrhagic strokes in younger women. Several reports have linked the abuse of PPA with myocardial injury, especially when ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTC PPA ENTCEND with myocardial injury, especially when ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTC amine ENTCEND used in over-the-counter cold remedies and weight-control preparations worldwide. Its use has been associated with hypertensive episodes and ENTD hemorrhagic strokes ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemorrhagic strokes ENTDEND in younger women. Several reports have linked the abuse of ENTC PPA ENTCEND
1	ENTD Leg and back pain ENTDEND  after spinal anaesthesia involving hyperbaric 5% ENTC lignocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC glucose ENTCEND solution for spinal anaesthesia were studied. Thirteen of these patients experienced ENTD pain in the legs and/or back ENTDEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND intake, which might be a contributing factor. ENTD Leg and/or back pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND admitted to a high alcohol intake, which might be a contributing factor. Leg and/or back pain is associated with the intrathecal use of hyperbaric 5% ENTC lignocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC glucose ENTCEND solution for spinal anaesthesia were studied. Thirteen of these patients experienced pain in the legs and/or back after recovery from anaesthesia. The patients affected were younger (p < 0.05) and the site of the dural puncture was higher (p < 0.01) than those individuals without ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND admitted to a high ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
1	ENTD nausea ENTDEND  most adverse events were mild to moderate in severity. CONCLUSION: The results of this study indicate that ENTC levofloxacin ENTCEND
0	ENTC levofloxacin ENTCEND  for the treatment of acute bacterial ENTD sinusitis ENTDEND
1	ENTC levofloxacin ENTCEND administration were reported by 29 patients (9%). The most common drug-related adverse events were ENTD diarrhea ENTDEND
1	ENTC levofloxacin ENTCEND administration were reported by 29 patients (9%). The most common drug-related adverse events were diarrhea, ENTD flatulence ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac and skeletal myopathies ENTDEND  METHODS AND RESULTS: In order to investigate whether the HAART component ENTC zidovudine ENTCEND
1	ENTC AZT ENTCEND treated FasL Tg mice developed ENTD cardiac dilation ENTDEND
1	ENTC AZT ENTCEND -induced ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC AZT ENTCEND -induced cardiomyopathy.BACKGROUND: Dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM) and myocarditis occur in many ENTD HIV-infected ENTDEND
0	ENTC AZT ENTCEND -induced cardiomyopathy.BACKGROUND: Dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM) and ENTD myocarditis ENTDEND
0	ENTC AZT ENTCEND -induced cardiomyopathy.BACKGROUND: Dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM) and myocarditis occur in many HIV-infected individuals, resulting in symptomatic ENTD heart failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC AZT ENTCEND treated FasL Tg mice developed cardiac dilation and depressed cardiac function in a dose-dependent manner, with concomitant inflammatory infiltration of both ventricles. These changes were associated with an increased sarcolemmal expression of Fas and FasL, as well as increased activation of caspase 3, translocation of calpain 1 to the sarcolemma and sarcomere, and increased numbers of cells undergoing apoptosis. These were associated with changes in dystrophin and cardiac troponin I localization, as well as loss of sarcolemmal integrity. CONCLUSIONS: The expression of Fas ligand in the myocardium, as identified in HIV-positive patients, might increase the susceptibility to HAART-induced cardiomyopathy due to activation of apoptotic pathways, resulting in ENTD cardiac dilation and dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTD AIDS ENTDEND , but has resulted in an increase in cardiac and skeletal myopathies. METHODS AND RESULTS: In order to investigate whether the HAART component ENTC zidovudine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cor pulmonale ENTDEND after indomethacin therapy. Prompt restoration of renal function followed drug withdrawal, while re-exposure to a single dose of indomethacin caused recurrence of acute reversible oliguria. Our case supports the hypothesis that endogenous renal ENTC prostaglandins ENTCEND
1	ENTD cor pulmonale ENTDEND after ENTC indomethacin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperkalemia ENTDEND in a patient with cirrhosis, ascites, and cor pulmonale after indomethacin therapy. Prompt restoration of renal function followed drug withdrawal, while re-exposure to a single dose of indomethacin caused recurrence of acute reversible oliguria. Our case supports the hypothesis that endogenous renal ENTC prostaglandins ENTCEND
1	ENTD hyperkalemia ENTDEND in a patient with cirrhosis, ascites, and cor pulmonale after ENTC indomethacin ENTCEND
0	ENTD cirrhosis ENTDEND  ascites, and cor pulmonale after indomethacin therapy. Prompt restoration of renal function followed drug withdrawal, while re-exposure to a single dose of indomethacin caused recurrence of acute reversible oliguria. Our case supports the hypothesis that endogenous renal ENTC prostaglandins ENTCEND
1	ENTD cirrhosis ENTDEND  ascites, and cor pulmonale after ENTC indomethacin ENTCEND
0	ENTD ascites ENTDEND  and cor pulmonale after indomethacin therapy. Prompt restoration of renal function followed drug withdrawal, while re-exposure to a single dose of indomethacin caused recurrence of acute reversible oliguria. Our case supports the hypothesis that endogenous renal ENTC prostaglandins ENTCEND
1	ENTD ascites ENTDEND  and cor pulmonale after ENTC indomethacin ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal failure ENTDEND with hyperkalemia in a patient with cirrhosis, ascites, and cor pulmonale after indomethacin therapy. Prompt restoration of renal function followed drug withdrawal, while re-exposure to a single dose of indomethacin caused recurrence of acute reversible oliguria. Our case supports the hypothesis that endogenous renal ENTC prostaglandins ENTCEND
0	ENTC Indomethacin ENTCEND -induced ENTD renal insufficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTD oliguria ENTDEND  Our case supports the hypothesis that endogenous renal ENTC prostaglandins ENTCEND
1	ENTC indomethacin ENTCEND caused recurrence of acute reversible ENTD oliguria ENTDEND
0	ENTC prostaglandins ENTCEND play a role in the maintenance of renal blood flow when circulating plasma volume is diminished. Since nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents interfere with this compensatory mechanism and may cause ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND
1	ENTC indomethacin ENTCEND caused recurrence of acute reversible oliguria. Our case supports the hypothesis that endogenous renal prostaglandins play a role in the maintenance of renal blood flow when circulating plasma volume is diminished. Since nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents interfere with this compensatory mechanism and may cause ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD tumor ENTDEND free during the 2- to 3-year follow-up period. Of the patients developing one or more recurrences during the first year, only 50% presented with further recurrence once the instillations were stopped. The beneficial effect of ENTC Adriamycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD carcinoma of the bladder ENTDEND  ENTC Adriamycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD carcinoma of the bladder ENTDEND  ENTC Adriamycin ENTCEND
1	ENTC Adriamycin ENTCEND (50 mg/50 ml) was administered intravesically within 24 h after transurethral resection of TA-T1 (O-A) bladder tumors. Instillation was repeated twice during the first week, then weekly during the first month and afterwards monthly for 1 year. The tolerance was evaluated in these 110 patients, and 29 patients presented with local side-effects. In 24 of these patients chemical ENTD cystitis ENTDEND
1	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND after therapy with ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND after therapy with gentamicin (5 mg/kg/day) and ENTC penicillin ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND after therapy with gentamicin (5 mg/kg/day) and penicillin are presented. The serum gentamicin concentration had reached toxic levels when anuria developed. Numerous ENTC periodic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND concentration had reached toxic levels when ENTD anuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC penicillin ENTCEND are presented. The serum gentamicin concentration had reached toxic levels when ENTD anuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD anuria ENTDEND developed. Numerous ENTC periodic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC Gentamicin ENTCEND ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND  in a neonate.The clinical and autopsy findings in a premature baby who died of acute renal failure after therapy with gentamicin (5 mg/kg/day) and ENTC penicillin ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND  in a neonate.The clinical and autopsy findings in a premature baby who died of acute renal failure after therapy with gentamicin (5 mg/kg/day) and penicillin are presented. The serum gentamicin concentration had reached toxic levels when anuria developed. Numerous ENTC periodic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND structurally related to amphetamine. Zyban, a sustained-release formulation of bupropion hydrochloride, was recently released in Ireland, as a smoking cessation aid. In the initial 6 months since it's introduction, 12 overdose cases have been reported to The National Poisons Information Centre. 8 patients developed symptoms of toxicity. Common features included tachycardia, drowsiness, hallucinations and convulsions. Two patients developed severe ENTD cardiac arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac arrhythmias ENTDEND  including one patient who was resuscitated following a cardiac arrest. All patients recovered without sequelae. We report a case of a 31 year old female who required admission to the Intensive Care Unit for ventilation and full supportive therapy, following ingestion of 13.5g bupropion. Recurrent seizures were treated with diazepam and broad complex tachycardia was successfully treated with ENTC adenosine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac arrhythmias ENTDEND  including one patient who was resuscitated following a cardiac arrest. All patients recovered without sequelae. We report a case of a 31 year old female who required admission to the Intensive Care Unit for ventilation and full supportive therapy, following ingestion of 13.5g bupropion. Recurrent seizures were treated with ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
1	ENTD cardiac arrhythmias ENTDEND  including one patient who was resuscitated following a cardiac arrest. All patients recovered without sequelae. We report a case of a 31 year old female who required admission to the Intensive Care Unit for ventilation and full supportive therapy, following ingestion of 13.5g ENTC bupropion ENTCEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND  Zyban, a sustained-release formulation of bupropion hydrochloride, was recently released in Ireland, as a smoking cessation aid. In the initial 6 months since it's introduction, 12 overdose cases have been reported to The National Poisons Information Centre. 8 patients developed symptoms of toxicity. Common features included tachycardia, drowsiness, hallucinations and convulsions. Two patients developed severe ENTD cardiac arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTC adenosine ENTCEND  Zyban caused significant ENTD neurological and cardiovascular toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND and broad complex tachycardia was successfully treated with adenosine. Zyban caused significant ENTD neurological and cardiovascular toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC Zyban ENTCEND caused significant ENTD neurological and cardiovascular toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND structurally related to amphetamine. Zyban, a sustained-release formulation of bupropion hydrochloride, was recently released in Ireland, as a smoking cessation aid. In the initial 6 months since it's introduction, 12 overdose cases have been reported to The National Poisons Information Centre. 8 patients developed symptoms of toxicity. Common features included tachycardia, drowsiness, hallucinations and convulsions. Two patients developed severe cardiac arrhythmias, including one patient who was resuscitated following a ENTD cardiac arrest ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac arrest ENTDEND  All patients recovered without sequelae. We report a case of a 31 year old female who required admission to the Intensive Care Unit for ventilation and full supportive therapy, following ingestion of 13.5g bupropion. Recurrent seizures were treated with diazepam and broad complex tachycardia was successfully treated with ENTC adenosine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac arrest ENTDEND  All patients recovered without sequelae. We report a case of a 31 year old female who required admission to the Intensive Care Unit for ventilation and full supportive therapy, following ingestion of 13.5g bupropion. Recurrent seizures were treated with ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
1	ENTD cardiac arrest ENTDEND  All patients recovered without sequelae. We report a case of a 31 year old female who required admission to the Intensive Care Unit for ventilation and full supportive therapy, following ingestion of 13.5g ENTC bupropion ENTCEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND  Zyban, a sustained-release formulation of bupropion hydrochloride, was recently released in Ireland, as a smoking cessation aid. In the initial 6 months since it's introduction, 12 overdose cases have been reported to The National Poisons Information Centre. 8 patients developed symptoms of toxicity. Common features included tachycardia, drowsiness, hallucinations and convulsions. Two patients developed severe cardiac arrhythmias, including one patient who was resuscitated following a ENTD cardiac arrest ENTDEND
0	ENTC adenosine ENTCEND  Zyban caused significant ENTD neurological and cardiovascular toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND and broad complex tachycardia was successfully treated with adenosine. Zyban caused significant ENTD neurological and cardiovascular toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC Zyban ENTCEND caused significant ENTD neurological and cardiovascular toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND .Bupropion is a monocyclic ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  Common features included tachycardia, drowsiness, hallucinations and convulsions. Two patients developed severe cardiac arrhythmias, including one patient who was resuscitated following a cardiac arrest. All patients recovered without sequelae. We report a case of a 31 year old female who required admission to the Intensive Care Unit for ventilation and full supportive therapy, following ingestion of 13.5g bupropion. Recurrent seizures were treated with diazepam and broad complex tachycardia was successfully treated with ENTC adenosine ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  Common features included tachycardia, drowsiness, hallucinations and convulsions. Two patients developed severe cardiac arrhythmias, including one patient who was resuscitated following a cardiac arrest. All patients recovered without sequelae. We report a case of a 31 year old female who required admission to the Intensive Care Unit for ventilation and full supportive therapy, following ingestion of 13.5g bupropion. Recurrent seizures were treated with ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTC Zyban ENTCEND ) ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND .Bupropion is a monocyclic antidepressant structurally related to ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND structurally related to amphetamine. Zyban, a sustained-release formulation of bupropion hydrochloride, was recently released in Ireland, as a smoking cessation aid. In the initial 6 months since it's introduction, 12 overdose cases have been reported to The National Poisons Information Centre. 8 patients developed symptoms of toxicity. Common features included tachycardia, drowsiness, hallucinations and ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND were treated with diazepam and broad complex tachycardia was successfully treated with ENTC adenosine ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND were treated with ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
1	ENTC bupropion ENTCEND  Recurrent ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND  Zyban, a sustained-release formulation of bupropion hydrochloride, was recently released in Ireland, as a smoking cessation aid. In the initial 6 months since it's introduction, 12 overdose cases have been reported to The National Poisons Information Centre. 8 patients developed symptoms of toxicity. Common features included tachycardia, drowsiness, hallucinations and ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND structurally related to amphetamine. Zyban, a sustained-release formulation of bupropion hydrochloride, was recently released in Ireland, as a smoking cessation aid. In the initial 6 months since it's introduction, 12 overdose cases have been reported to The National Poisons Information Centre. 8 patients developed symptoms of toxicity. Common features included ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND was successfully treated with ENTC adenosine ENTCEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND and broad complex ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND
1	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND was successfully treated with adenosine. ENTC Zyban ENTCEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND  Zyban, a sustained-release formulation of bupropion hydrochloride, was recently released in Ireland, as a smoking cessation aid. In the initial 6 months since it's introduction, 12 overdose cases have been reported to The National Poisons Information Centre. 8 patients developed symptoms of toxicity. Common features included ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND structurally related to amphetamine. Zyban, a sustained-release formulation of bupropion hydrochloride, was recently released in Ireland, as a smoking cessation aid. In the initial 6 months since it's introduction, 12 overdose cases have been reported to The National Poisons Information Centre. 8 patients developed symptoms of toxicity. Common features included tachycardia, drowsiness, ENTD hallucinations ENTDEND
0	ENTD hallucinations ENTDEND and convulsions. Two patients developed severe cardiac arrhythmias, including one patient who was resuscitated following a cardiac arrest. All patients recovered without sequelae. We report a case of a 31 year old female who required admission to the Intensive Care Unit for ventilation and full supportive therapy, following ingestion of 13.5g bupropion. Recurrent seizures were treated with diazepam and broad complex tachycardia was successfully treated with ENTC adenosine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hallucinations ENTDEND and convulsions. Two patients developed severe cardiac arrhythmias, including one patient who was resuscitated following a cardiac arrest. All patients recovered without sequelae. We report a case of a 31 year old female who required admission to the Intensive Care Unit for ventilation and full supportive therapy, following ingestion of 13.5g bupropion. Recurrent seizures were treated with ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
1	ENTC bupropion hydrochloride ENTCEND  was recently released in Ireland, as a smoking cessation aid. In the initial 6 months since it's introduction, 12 overdose cases have been reported to The National Poisons Information Centre. 8 patients developed symptoms of toxicity. Common features included tachycardia, drowsiness, ENTD hallucinations ENTDEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND  Zyban, a sustained-release formulation of bupropion hydrochloride, was recently released in Ireland, as a smoking cessation aid. In the initial 6 months since it's introduction, 12 overdose cases have been reported to The National Poisons Information Centre. 8 patients developed symptoms of toxicity. Common features included tachycardia, drowsiness, ENTD hallucinations ENTDEND
0	ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND structurally related to amphetamine. Zyban, a sustained-release formulation of bupropion hydrochloride, was recently released in Ireland, as a smoking cessation aid. In the initial 6 months since it's introduction, 12 ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTC adenosine ENTCEND  Zyban caused significant neurological and cardiovascular toxicity in ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND and broad complex tachycardia was successfully treated with adenosine. Zyban caused significant neurological and cardiovascular toxicity in ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTC Zyban ENTCEND caused significant neurological and cardiovascular toxicity in ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND  Zyban, a sustained-release formulation of bupropion hydrochloride, was recently released in Ireland, as a smoking cessation aid. In the initial 6 months since it's introduction, 12 ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTC N-pyrimidinyl-2-phenoxyacetamide ENTCEND adenosine A(2A) antagonists is described. SAR studies led to compound 14 with excellent potency (K(i) = 0.4 nM), selectivity (A(1)/A(2A) > 100), and efficacy (MED 10 mg/kg p.o.) in the rat haloperidol-induced catalepsy model for ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC adenosine ENTCEND A(2A) antagonists is described. SAR studies led to compound 14 with excellent potency (K(i) = 0.4 nM), selectivity (A(1)/A(2A) > 100), and efficacy (MED 10 mg/kg p.o.) in the rat haloperidol-induced catalepsy model for ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND induced catalepsy model for ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC N-pyrimidinyl-2-phenoxyacetamide ENTCEND adenosine A(2A) antagonists is described. SAR studies led to compound 14 with excellent potency (K(i) = 0.4 nM), selectivity (A(1)/A(2A) > 100), and efficacy (MED 10 mg/kg p.o.) in the rat haloperidol-induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC adenosine ENTCEND A(2A) antagonists is described. SAR studies led to compound 14 with excellent potency (K(i) = 0.4 nM), selectivity (A(1)/A(2A) > 100), and efficacy (MED 10 mg/kg p.o.) in the rat haloperidol-induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
1	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC daidzein ENTCEND from Pueraria thunbergiana on scopolamine-induced ENTD impairments of learning and memory ENTDEND
0	ENTC ACh ENTCEND , is an important factor in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease (AD). Methanolic extracts from Pueraria thunbergiana exhibited an activation effect (46%) on ChAT in vitro. Via the sequential isolation of Pueraria thunbergiana, the active component was ultimately identified as daidzein (4',7-dihydroxy-isoflavone). In order to investigate the effects of daidzein from Pueraria thunbergiana on scopolamine-induced ENTD impairments of learning and memory ENTDEND
0	ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND induced ENTD impairments of learning and memory ENTDEND
0	ENTC choline ENTCEND acetyltransferase (ChAT) activator, which enhances cholinergic transmission via an augmentation of the enzymatic production of acetylcholine (ACh), is an important factor in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease (AD). Methanolic extracts from Pueraria thunbergiana exhibited an activation effect (46%) on ChAT in vitro. Via the sequential isolation of Pueraria thunbergiana, the active component was ultimately identified as daidzein (4',7-dihydroxy-isoflavone). In order to investigate the effects of daidzein from Pueraria thunbergiana on scopolamine-induced ENTD impairments of learning and memory ENTDEND
0	ENTC daidzein ENTCEND from Pueraria thunbergiana on scopolamine-induced ENTD impairments of learning and memory ENTDEND
0	ENTC ACh ENTCEND , is an important factor in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease (AD). Methanolic extracts from Pueraria thunbergiana exhibited an activation effect (46%) on ChAT in vitro. Via the sequential isolation of Pueraria thunbergiana, the active component was ultimately identified as daidzein (4',7-dihydroxy-isoflavone). In order to investigate the effects of daidzein from Pueraria thunbergiana on scopolamine-induced ENTD impairments of learning and memory ENTDEND
0	ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND induced ENTD impairments of learning and memory ENTDEND
0	ENTC choline ENTCEND acetyltransferase (ChAT) activator, which enhances cholinergic transmission via an augmentation of the enzymatic production of acetylcholine (ACh), is an important factor in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease (AD). Methanolic extracts from Pueraria thunbergiana exhibited an activation effect (46%) on ChAT in vitro. Via the sequential isolation of Pueraria thunbergiana, the active component was ultimately identified as daidzein (4',7-dihydroxy-isoflavone). In order to investigate the effects of daidzein from Pueraria thunbergiana on scopolamine-induced ENTD impairments of learning and memory ENTDEND
0	ENTD AD ENTDEND . Methanolic extracts from Pueraria thunbergiana exhibited an activation effect (46%) on ChAT in vitro. Via the sequential isolation of Pueraria thunbergiana, the active component was ultimately identified as ENTC daidzein ENTCEND
0	ENTC ACh ENTCEND , is an important factor in the treatment of ENTD Alzheimer's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD AD ENTDEND . Methanolic extracts from Pueraria thunbergiana exhibited an activation effect (46%) on ChAT in vitro. Via the sequential isolation of Pueraria thunbergiana, the active component was ultimately identified as daidzein (4',7-dihydroxy-isoflavone). In order to investigate the effects of daidzein from Pueraria thunbergiana on ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC choline ENTCEND acetyltransferase (ChAT) activator, which enhances cholinergic transmission via an augmentation of the enzymatic production of acetylcholine (ACh), is an important factor in the treatment of ENTD Alzheimer's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC Daidzein ENTCEND  activates choline acetyltransferase from MC-IXC cells and improves drug-induced ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND biosynthesis as a ChAT activator, and that it also ameliorates scopolamine-induced ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
1	ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND induced ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD amnesia ENTDEND .The ENTC choline ENTCEND
1	ENTD confusion ENTDEND with ENTC valproic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND  in mice lacking sodium channel beta 2-subunits.Sodium channel beta-subunits modulate channel gating, assembly, and cell surface expression in heterologous cell systems. We generated beta2(-/-) mice to investigate the role of beta2 in control of sodium channel density, localization, and function in neurons in vivo. Measurements of [(3)H] ENTC saxitoxin ENTCEND
1	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND  in mice lacking ENTC sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac hypertrophy ENTDEND was studied in adult female Wistar rats following daily subcutaneous injections of isoproterenol (ISO) (0.3 mg/kg body weight). A time course was established for the change in tissue mass, RNA and DNA content, as well as ENTC hydroxyproline ENTCEND
1	ENTC isoproterenol ENTCEND -induced ENTD cardiac hypertrophy ENTDEND
0	ENTC hydroxyproline ENTCEND remained stable during the first 2 days of treatment but increased 46% after 4 days of therapy. Ventricular DNA content was unchanged during the early stage (1-4 days) of hypertrophic growth but increased to a new steady-state level 19% above the controls after 8 days of treatment. Intraventricular pressures and coronary flow measures were similar for control and experimental animals following 4 days of developed hypertrophy. However, dP/dt in the ISO-treated hearts was slightly but significantly (P less than 0.05) elevated. These data indicate that the adaptive response to ISO shows an early hypertrophic phase (1-4 days) characterized by a substantial increase in RNA content and cardiac mass in the absence of changes in DNA. However, prolonged stimulation (8-12 days) appears to represent a complex integration of both cellular hypertrophy and ENTD hyperplasia ENTDEND
1	ENTC ISO ENTCEND shows an early hypertrophic phase (1-4 days) characterized by a substantial increase in RNA content and cardiac mass in the absence of changes in DNA. However, prolonged stimulation (8-12 days) appears to represent a complex integration of both cellular hypertrophy and ENTD hyperplasia ENTDEND
0	ENTC hydroxyproline ENTCEND remained stable during the first 2 days of treatment but increased 46% after 4 days of therapy. Ventricular DNA content was unchanged during the early stage (1-4 days) of ENTD hypertrophic ENTDEND
0	ENTC ISO ENTCEND shows an early ENTD hypertrophic ENTDEND
0	ENTC warfarin ENTCEND  All 4 patients presented with ENTD skin eruptions ENTDEND
0	ENTC coumarin ENTCEND derived anticoagulants are an uncommon occurrence. Leukocytoclastic vasculitis (LV) is primarily a cutaneous small vessel vasculitis, though systemic involvement may be encountered. We report 4 patients with late-onset LV probably due to warfarin. All 4 patients presented with ENTD skin eruptions ENTDEND
0	ENTD LV ENTDEND probably due to ENTC warfarin ENTCEND
0	ENTD leukocytoclastic vasculitis ENTDEND .Skin reactions associated with oral ENTC coumarin ENTCEND
0	ENTD cutaneous small vessel vasculitis ENTDEND  though systemic involvement may be encountered. We report 4 patients with late-onset LV probably due to ENTC warfarin ENTCEND
0	ENTC coumarin ENTCEND derived anticoagulants are an uncommon occurrence. Leukocytoclastic vasculitis (LV) is primarily a ENTD cutaneous small vessel vasculitis ENTDEND
1	ENTD LV Cutaneous lesions ENTDEND resolved in all patients after ENTC warfarin ENTCEND
0	ENTC coumarin ENTCEND derived anticoagulants are an uncommon occurrence. Leukocytoclastic vasculitis (LV) is primarily a cutaneous small vessel vasculitis, though systemic involvement may be encountered. We report 4 patients with late-onset LV probably due to warfarin. All 4 patients presented with skin eruptions that developed after receiving warfarin for several years. The results of skin lesion biopsies were available in 3 patients, confirming ENTD LV Cutaneous lesions ENTDEND
1	ENTD transient hemiparesis ENTDEND but recovered completely. High-dose intravenous ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND elevations, neutropenia, and mucositis. One patient had focal seizures and ENTD transient hemiparesis ENTDEND
0	ENTC Leucovorin ENTCEND rescue was initiated 12 hours after the end of the infusion with a loading dose of 200 mg/m2 followed by 12 mg/m2 every three hours for six doses and then every six hours until the plasma methotrexate level decreased to less than 1 X 10(-7) mol/L. The mean steady-state plasma and CSF methotrexate concentrations achieved were 1.1 X 10(-3) mol/L and 3.6 X 10(-5) mol/L, respectively. All 20 patients responded to this regimen, 16/20 (80%) achieved a complete remission, and 20% obtained a partial remission. The most common toxicities encountered were transient serum transaminase and bilirubin elevations, neutropenia, and mucositis. One patient had focal seizures and ENTD transient hemiparesis ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicities ENTDEND encountered were transient serum transaminase and bilirubin elevations, neutropenia, and mucositis. One patient had focal seizures and transient hemiparesis but recovered completely. High-dose intravenous ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicities ENTDEND encountered were transient serum transaminase and ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTC Leucovorin ENTCEND rescue was initiated 12 hours after the end of the infusion with a loading dose of 200 mg/m2 followed by 12 mg/m2 every three hours for six doses and then every six hours until the plasma methotrexate level decreased to less than 1 X 10(-7) mol/L. The mean steady-state plasma and CSF methotrexate concentrations achieved were 1.1 X 10(-3) mol/L and 3.6 X 10(-5) mol/L, respectively. All 20 patients responded to this regimen, 16/20 (80%) achieved a complete remission, and 20% obtained a partial remission. The most common ENTD toxicities ENTDEND
0	ENTD meningeal disease ENTDEND were treated with a high-dose intravenous ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTD meningeal disease ENTDEND were treated with a high-dose intravenous methotrexate regimen that was designed to achieve and maintain CSF methotrexate concentrations of 10(-5) mol/L without the need for concomitant intrathecal dosing. The methotrexate was administered as a loading dose of 6,000 mg/m2 for a period of one hour followed by an infusion of 1,200 mg/m2/h for 23 hours. Leucovorin rescue was initiated 12 hours after the end of the infusion with a loading dose of 200 mg/m2 followed by 12 mg/m2 every three hours for six doses and then every six hours until the plasma methotrexate level decreased to less than 1 X 10(-7) mol/L. The mean steady-state plasma and CSF methotrexate concentrations achieved were 1.1 X 10(-3) mol/L and 3.6 X 10(-5) mol/L, respectively. All 20 patients responded to this regimen, 16/20 (80%) achieved a complete remission, and 20% obtained a partial remission. The most common toxicities encountered were transient serum transaminase and ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTD meningeal disease ENTDEND were treated with a high-dose intravenous methotrexate regimen that was designed to achieve and maintain CSF methotrexate concentrations of 10(-5) mol/L without the need for concomitant intrathecal dosing. The methotrexate was administered as a loading dose of 6,000 mg/m2 for a period of one hour followed by an infusion of 1,200 mg/m2/h for 23 hours. ENTC Leucovorin ENTCEND
0	ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND .Twenty children with ENTD acute lymphoblastic leukemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND elevations, neutropenia, and mucositis. One patient had focal seizures and transient hemiparesis but recovered completely. High-dose intravenous methotrexate is an effective treatment for the induction of remission after meningeal relapse in ENTD acute lymphoblastic leukemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD acute lymphoblastic leukemia ENTDEND who developed meningeal disease were treated with a high-dose intravenous methotrexate regimen that was designed to achieve and maintain CSF methotrexate concentrations of 10(-5) mol/L without the need for concomitant intrathecal dosing. The methotrexate was administered as a loading dose of 6,000 mg/m2 for a period of one hour followed by an infusion of 1,200 mg/m2/h for 23 hours. ENTC Leucovorin ENTCEND
1	ENTD seizures ENTDEND and transient hemiparesis but recovered completely. High-dose intravenous ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND elevations, neutropenia, and mucositis. One patient had focal ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC Leucovorin ENTCEND rescue was initiated 12 hours after the end of the infusion with a loading dose of 200 mg/m2 followed by 12 mg/m2 every three hours for six doses and then every six hours until the plasma methotrexate level decreased to less than 1 X 10(-7) mol/L. The mean steady-state plasma and CSF methotrexate concentrations achieved were 1.1 X 10(-3) mol/L and 3.6 X 10(-5) mol/L, respectively. All 20 patients responded to this regimen, 16/20 (80%) achieved a complete remission, and 20% obtained a partial remission. The most common toxicities encountered were transient serum transaminase and bilirubin elevations, neutropenia, and mucositis. One patient had focal ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD meningeal leukemia ENTDEND  with high-dose intravenous ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTD meningeal leukemia ENTDEND  with high-dose intravenous methotrexate.Twenty children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia who developed meningeal disease were treated with a high-dose intravenous methotrexate regimen that was designed to achieve and maintain CSF methotrexate concentrations of 10(-5) mol/L without the need for concomitant intrathecal dosing. The methotrexate was administered as a loading dose of 6,000 mg/m2 for a period of one hour followed by an infusion of 1,200 mg/m2/h for 23 hours. Leucovorin rescue was initiated 12 hours after the end of the infusion with a loading dose of 200 mg/m2 followed by 12 mg/m2 every three hours for six doses and then every six hours until the plasma methotrexate level decreased to less than 1 X 10(-7) mol/L. The mean steady-state plasma and CSF methotrexate concentrations achieved were 1.1 X 10(-3) mol/L and 3.6 X 10(-5) mol/L, respectively. All 20 patients responded to this regimen, 16/20 (80%) achieved a complete remission, and 20% obtained a partial remission. The most common toxicities encountered were transient serum transaminase and ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTD meningeal leukemia ENTDEND  with high-dose intravenous methotrexate.Twenty children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia who developed meningeal disease were treated with a high-dose intravenous methotrexate regimen that was designed to achieve and maintain CSF methotrexate concentrations of 10(-5) mol/L without the need for concomitant intrathecal dosing. The methotrexate was administered as a loading dose of 6,000 mg/m2 for a period of one hour followed by an infusion of 1,200 mg/m2/h for 23 hours. ENTC Leucovorin ENTCEND
1	ENTD mucositis ENTDEND  One patient had focal seizures and transient hemiparesis but recovered completely. High-dose intravenous ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND elevations, neutropenia, and ENTD mucositis ENTDEND
0	ENTC Leucovorin ENTCEND rescue was initiated 12 hours after the end of the infusion with a loading dose of 200 mg/m2 followed by 12 mg/m2 every three hours for six doses and then every six hours until the plasma methotrexate level decreased to less than 1 X 10(-7) mol/L. The mean steady-state plasma and CSF methotrexate concentrations achieved were 1.1 X 10(-3) mol/L and 3.6 X 10(-5) mol/L, respectively. All 20 patients responded to this regimen, 16/20 (80%) achieved a complete remission, and 20% obtained a partial remission. The most common toxicities encountered were transient serum transaminase and bilirubin elevations, neutropenia, and ENTD mucositis ENTDEND
1	ENTD neutropenia ENTDEND  and mucositis. One patient had focal seizures and transient hemiparesis but recovered completely. High-dose intravenous ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND elevations, ENTD neutropenia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Leucovorin ENTCEND rescue was initiated 12 hours after the end of the infusion with a loading dose of 200 mg/m2 followed by 12 mg/m2 every three hours for six doses and then every six hours until the plasma methotrexate level decreased to less than 1 X 10(-7) mol/L. The mean steady-state plasma and CSF methotrexate concentrations achieved were 1.1 X 10(-3) mol/L and 3.6 X 10(-5) mol/L, respectively. All 20 patients responded to this regimen, 16/20 (80%) achieved a complete remission, and 20% obtained a partial remission. The most common toxicities encountered were transient serum transaminase and bilirubin elevations, ENTD neutropenia ENTDEND
0	ENTC cephalosporins ENTCEND  especially cefotetan, are increasingly associated with severe, sometimes fatal immune ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC cefotetan ENTCEND induced ENTD hemolytic anemias ENTDEND
0	ENTD painful ENTDEND erythematous nodules over extremities developed on D11, D16, D17, and D19, respectively, after ATRA therapy. The skin biopsy taken from each patient was consistent with erythema nodosum. All patients received short course of ENTC steroids ENTCEND
0	ENTC ATRA ENTCEND therapy. Fever and subsequent multiple ENTD painful ENTDEND
0	ENTC steroids ENTCEND  ENTD Fever ENTDEND
1	ENTC ATRA ENTCEND therapy. ENTD Fever ENTDEND
0	ENTD APL ENTDEND who developed erythema nodosum during ATRA therapy. Fever and subsequent multiple painful erythematous nodules over extremities developed on D11, D16, D17, and D19, respectively, after ATRA therapy. The skin biopsy taken from each patient was consistent with erythema nodosum. All patients received short course of ENTC steroids ENTCEND
0	ENTC ATRA ENTCEND  for ENTD acute promyelocytic leukemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD erythema nodosum ENTDEND in our patients. Short-term use of ENTC steroid ENTCEND
1	ENTD erythema nodosum ENTDEND during ENTC ATRA ENTCEND
0	ENTD stroke ENTDEND patients should be estimated carefully. We therefore established sensitive quantification methods and provided a rat ICH model for detection of ICH deterioration. In ICH intrastriatally induced by 0.014-unit, 0.070-unit, and 0.350-unit collagenase, the amount of bleeding was measured using a hemoglobin assay developed in the present study and was compared with the morphologically determined hematoma volume. The blood amounts and hematoma volumes were significantly correlated, and the hematoma induced by 0.014-unit collagenase was adequate to detect ICH deterioration. In ICH induction using 0.014-unit collagenase, ENTC heparin ENTCEND
1	ENTC heparin ENTCEND enhanced the ENTD hematoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC heparin ENTCEND enhanced the hematoma volume 3.4-fold over that seen in control ICH animals and the ENTD bleeding ENTDEND
0	ENTD ICH ENTDEND induction using 0.014-unit collagenase, ENTC heparin ENTCEND
0	ENTC CyA ENTCEND , an immuno-suppressive drug already known to induce ENTD MAHA ENTDEND
1	ENTD MAHA ENTDEND  ENTC FK506 ENTCEND
0	ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND  aspirin, and dipyridamole led to resolution of ENTD MAHA ENTDEND
0	ENTC dipyridamole ENTCEND led to resolution of ENTD MAHA ENTDEND
0	ENTC aspirin ENTCEND  and dipyridamole led to resolution of ENTD MAHA ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND  toward striatal dopamine neurons in rodents by LY274614, an excitatory amino acid antagonist.LY274614, 3SR,4aRS,6SR,8aRS-6-[phosphonomethyl]decahydr oisoquinoline-3- carboxylic acid, has been described as a potent antagonist of the N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) subtype of glutamate receptor. Here its ability to antagonize the prolonged depletion of dopamine in the striatum by amphetamine in iprindole-treated rats is reported. A single 18.4 mg/kg (i.p.) dose of (+/-)-amphetamine hemisulfate, given to rats pretreated with iprindole, resulted in persistent depletion of dopamine in the striatum 1 week later. This prolonged depletion of dopamine in the striatum was antagonized by ENTC dizocilpine ENTCEND
0	ENTD neurotoxic ENTDEND effect of amphetamine and related compounds toward nigrostriatal dopamine neurons involves ENTC NMDA ENTCEND
0	ENTC methamphetamine ENTCEND  was also antagonized dose-dependently and completely by LY274614. The data strengthen the evidence that the ENTD neurotoxic ENTDEND
1	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND -induced ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC LY274614 ENTCEND  The data strengthen the evidence that the ENTD neurotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND  toward striatal ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND  toward striatal dopamine neurons in rodents by LY274614, an excitatory ENTC amino acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND  toward striatal dopamine neurons in rodents by LY274614, an excitatory amino acid antagonist.LY274614, 3SR,4aRS,6SR,8aRS-6-[phosphonomethyl]decahydr oisoquinoline-3- carboxylic acid, has been described as a potent antagonist of the N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) subtype of glutamate receptor. Here its ability to antagonize the prolonged depletion of dopamine in the striatum by amphetamine in ENTC iprindole ENTCEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND  toward striatal dopamine neurons in rodents by LY274614, an excitatory amino acid antagonist.LY274614, 3SR,4aRS,6SR,8aRS-6-[phosphonomethyl]decahydr oisoquinoline-3- carboxylic acid, has been described as a potent antagonist of the N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) subtype of ENTC glutamate ENTCEND
0	ENTD nausea ENTDEND and vomiting, left hemiparesis and seizure two days after parenteral use of progesterone and ENTC estradiol ENTCEND
0	ENTD nausea ENTDEND and vomiting, left hemiparesis and seizure two days after parenteral use of ENTC progesterone ENTCEND
0	ENTC estradiol ENTCEND  Diabetes mellitus (DM) was found during admission. Computed tomography showed a hemorrhagic infarct in the right frontal lobe and increased density in the superior sagittal sinus (SSS). Left carotid angiography found ENTD occlusion of the left internal carotid artery ENTDEND
0	ENTC progesterone ENTCEND and estradiol. Diabetes mellitus (DM) was found during admission. Computed tomography showed a hemorrhagic infarct in the right frontal lobe and increased density in the superior sagittal sinus (SSS). Left carotid angiography found ENTD occlusion of the left internal carotid artery ENTDEND
0	ENTD vomiting ENTDEND  left hemiparesis and seizure two days after parenteral use of progesterone and ENTC estradiol ENTCEND
0	ENTD vomiting ENTDEND  left hemiparesis and seizure two days after parenteral use of ENTC progesterone ENTCEND
0	ENTD hemiparesis ENTDEND and seizure two days after parenteral use of progesterone and ENTC estradiol ENTCEND
0	ENTD hemiparesis ENTDEND and seizure two days after parenteral use of ENTC progesterone ENTCEND
0	ENTC estradiol ENTCEND  ENTD Diabetes mellitus ENTDEND
0	ENTC progesterone ENTCEND and the underlying ENTD DM ENTDEND
0	ENTD headache ENTDEND  nausea and vomiting, left hemiparesis and seizure two days after parenteral use of progesterone and ENTC estradiol ENTCEND
0	ENTD headache ENTDEND  nausea and vomiting, left hemiparesis and seizure two days after parenteral use of ENTC progesterone ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND two days after parenteral use of progesterone and ENTC estradiol ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND two days after parenteral use of ENTC progesterone ENTCEND
1	ENTC estradiol ENTCEND  Diabetes mellitus (DM) was found during admission. Computed tomography showed a ENTD hemorrhagic infarct ENTDEND
1	ENTC progesterone ENTCEND and estradiol. Diabetes mellitus (DM) was found during admission. Computed tomography showed a ENTD hemorrhagic infarct ENTDEND
1	ENTC estradiol ENTCEND and progesterone and the underlying DM increased vascular thrombogenicity, which provided a common denominator for ENTD thrombosis of both the ICA and the venous sinus ENTDEND
1	ENTC progesterone ENTCEND and the underlying DM increased vascular thrombogenicity, which provided a common denominator for ENTD thrombosis of both the ICA and the venous sinus ENTDEND
1	ENTC estradiol ENTCEND and progesterone and the underlying DM increased vascular thrombogenicity, which provided a common denominator for ENTD thrombosis of both the ICA and the venous sinus ENTDEND
1	ENTC progesterone ENTCEND and the underlying DM increased vascular thrombogenicity, which provided a common denominator for ENTD thrombosis of both the ICA and the venous sinus ENTDEND
1	ENTC estradiol ENTCEND  Diabetes mellitus (DM) was found during admission. Computed tomography showed a ENTD hemorrhagic infarct ENTDEND
1	ENTC progesterone ENTCEND and estradiol. Diabetes mellitus (DM) was found during admission. Computed tomography showed a ENTD hemorrhagic infarct ENTDEND
1	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND induced by ENTC verapamil ENTCEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND induced by verapamil was potentiated by LNa, LCa, and HCa. Independent but not additive effects of Na and ENTC Ca ENTCEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND induced by verapamil was potentiated by LNa, LCa, and HCa. Independent but not additive effects of ENTC Na ENTCEND
0	ENTC acetic acid ENTCEND induced ENTD writhing ENTDEND
1	ENTD writhing ENTDEND model (mice) and ENTC carrageenan ENTCEND
0	ENTD writhing ENTDEND model (mice) and carrageenan-induced rat paw edema model, respectively. In comparison to control, ENTC E ENTCEND
0	ENTC acetic acid ENTCEND induced writhing model (mice) and carrageenan-induced rat paw ENTD edema ENTDEND
1	ENTC carrageenan ENTCEND induced rat paw ENTD edema ENTDEND
0	ENTD edema ENTDEND model, respectively. In comparison to control, ENTC E ENTCEND
1	ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND ENTD retinopathy ENTDEND
1	ENTD syncopal attacks ENTDEND  Ophthalmological assessment revealed features of ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND
1	ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND ingestion presented with progressive deterioration of vision, easy ENTD fatiguability ENTDEND
1	ENTC Chloroquine ENTCEND  related complete heart block with ENTD blindness ENTDEND
0	ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND ingestion presented with progressive ENTD deterioration of vision ENTDEND
1	ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND retinopathy, cardiac assessment revealed features of heart failure and a complete heart block with ENTD right bundle branch block ENTDEND
1	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND resolved spontaneously following ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Chloroquine ENTCEND  related complete ENTD heart block ENTDEND
1	ENTD dizziness ENTDEND progressing to syncopal attacks. Ophthalmological assessment revealed features of ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND
1	ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND ingestion presented with progressive deterioration of vision, easy fatiguability, ENTD dyspnoea ENTDEND
0	ENTD ventricular fibrillation ENTDEND were significantly lower (p less than 0.05) after ENTC iopentol ENTCEND
1	ENTC metrizoate ENTCEND injections were made. Frequencies of ENTD ventricular fibrillation ENTDEND
0	ENTC iohexol ENTCEND injections and 37 metrizoate injections were made. Frequencies of ENTD ventricular fibrillation ENTDEND
0	ENTC morphine ENTCEND  Latency to the loss of righting reflex, ENTD rigidity ENTDEND
0	ENTD rigidity ENTDEND and behavior on recovery, reflected the relative predominance of ENTC ketamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD rigidity ENTDEND and behavior, asymmetry of cross-tolerance and a widely-different ID50 for ENTC naloxone ENTCEND
0	ENTC morphine ENTCEND induced ENTD analgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC ketamine ENTCEND and morphine induced ENTD analgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD analgesia ENTDEND and catalepsy in the rat. Pre-treatment with ketamine produced cross-tolerance to morphine, whereas pretreatment with morphine did not induce cross-tolerance to ketamine but rather augmented the cataleptic response; this augmentation was attributed to residual morphine in the brain. The present studies explored the duration of the loss of righting reflex induced by sub-effective doses of ketamine and morphine, administered simultaneously. There was mutual potentiation between sub-effective doses of ketamine and morphine, but sub-effective doses of ketamine partly antagonized fully-effective doses of morphine. Latency to the loss of righting reflex, rigidity and behavior on recovery, reflected the relative predominance of ketamine or morphine in each combination. ENTC Naloxone ENTCEND
1	ENTC morphine ENTCEND induced analgesia and ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
1	ENTC ketamine ENTCEND but rather augmented the ENTD cataleptic ENTDEND
0	ENTC Naloxone ENTCEND inhibited the induced ENTD cataleptic ENTDEND
0	ENTD anxiety ENTDEND  because of the non-specific cue and the long-term effect. In contrast, the fear-potentiated startle (FPS) is suggested to model conditioned fear. However, the pharmacological profiles of these two paradigms are very similar. The present study investigated the effects of putative anxiogenic drugs on LES and FPS and aimed at determining the sensitivity of LES for anxiogenic drugs and to potentially showing a pharmacological differentiation between these two paradigms. METHODS: Male Wistar rats received each dose of the alpha(2)-adrenoceptor antagonist ENTC yohimbine ENTCEND
0	ENTD anxiety ENTDEND  because of the non-specific cue and the long-term effect. In contrast, the fear-potentiated startle (FPS) is suggested to model conditioned fear. However, the pharmacological profiles of these two paradigms are very similar. The present study investigated the effects of putative anxiogenic drugs on LES and FPS and aimed at determining the sensitivity of LES for anxiogenic drugs and to potentially showing a pharmacological differentiation between these two paradigms. METHODS: Male Wistar rats received each dose of the alpha(2)-adrenoceptor antagonist yohimbine (0.25-1.0mg/kg), the 5-HT(2C) receptor agonist ENTC m-chlorophenylpiperazine ENTCEND
0	ENTD anxiety ENTDEND  because of the non-specific cue and the long-term effect. In contrast, the fear-potentiated startle (FPS) is suggested to model conditioned fear. However, the pharmacological profiles of these two paradigms are very similar. The present study investigated the effects of putative anxiogenic drugs on LES and FPS and aimed at determining the sensitivity of LES for anxiogenic drugs and to potentially showing a pharmacological differentiation between these two paradigms. METHODS: Male Wistar rats received each dose of the alpha(2)-adrenoceptor antagonist yohimbine (0.25-1.0mg/kg), the 5-HT(2C) receptor agonist m-chlorophenylpiperazine (mCPP, 0.5-2.0mg/kg) or the ENTC GABA ENTCEND
0	ENTD anxiety ENTDEND  because of the non-specific cue and the long-term effect. In contrast, the fear-potentiated startle (FPS) is suggested to model conditioned fear. However, the pharmacological profiles of these two paradigms are very similar. The present study investigated the effects of putative anxiogenic drugs on LES and FPS and aimed at determining the sensitivity of LES for anxiogenic drugs and to potentially showing a pharmacological differentiation between these two paradigms. METHODS: Male Wistar rats received each dose of the alpha(2)-adrenoceptor antagonist yohimbine (0.25-1.0mg/kg), the 5-HT(2C) receptor agonist m-chlorophenylpiperazine (mCPP, 0.5-2.0mg/kg) or the GABA(A) inverse receptor agonist ENTC pentylenetetrazole ENTCEND
0	ENTD anxiety ENTDEND  because of the non-specific cue and the long-term effect. In contrast, the fear-potentiated startle (FPS) is suggested to model conditioned fear. However, the pharmacological profiles of these two paradigms are very similar. The present study investigated the effects of putative anxiogenic drugs on LES and FPS and aimed at determining the sensitivity of LES for anxiogenic drugs and to potentially showing a pharmacological differentiation between these two paradigms. METHODS: Male Wistar rats received each dose of the alpha(2)-adrenoceptor antagonist yohimbine (0.25-1.0mg/kg), the ENTC 5-HT ENTCEND
1	ENTC yohimbine ENTCEND increased baseline ENTD startle ENTDEND
1	ENTC mCPP ENTCEND suppressed baseline ENTD startle ENTDEND
0	ENTC GABA ENTCEND A) inverse receptor agonist pentylenetetrazole (PTZ, 3-30mg/kg) and were subsequently tested in either LES or FPS. RESULTS: None of the drugs enhanced LES, whereas mCPP increased percentage FPS and yohimbine increased absolute FPS values. Furthermore, yohimbine increased baseline ENTD startle ENTDEND
1	ENTC PTZ ENTCEND suppressed baseline ENTD startle ENTDEND
0	ENTC 5-HT ENTCEND 2C) receptor agonist m-chlorophenylpiperazine (mCPP, 0.5-2.0mg/kg) or the GABA(A) inverse receptor agonist pentylenetetrazole (PTZ, 3-30mg/kg) and were subsequently tested in either LES or FPS. RESULTS: None of the drugs enhanced LES, whereas mCPP increased percentage FPS and yohimbine increased absolute FPS values. Furthermore, yohimbine increased baseline ENTD startle ENTDEND
0	ENTC ketamine ENTCEND in doses from 100 microgram to 3 mg into the artery produced a ENTD depression ENTDEND
1	ENTC ketamine ENTCEND induced ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC amines ENTCEND and major metabolites was studied in 4 strains of mice. These were the albino Sprague-Dawley ICR and BALB/C, the black C57BL/6 and the brown CDF-I mouse strains. Amantadine treatment produced a biphasic effect on mouse motility. The initial dose of amantadine ENTD depressed ENTDEND
0	ENTD depressed ENTDEND locomotor activity in all mouse strains studied with the BALB/C mice being the most sensitive. Subsequent amantadine treatments produced enhancement of motility from corresponding control in all mouse strains with the BALB/C mice being the least sensitive. The locomotor activity was decreased from corresponding controls in all strains studied, except for the ICR mice, during an overnight drug-free period following the fourth amantadine treatment. Readministration of amantadine, after a drug-free overnight period, increased motility from respective saline control in all strains with exception of the BALB/C mice where suppression of motility occurred. Treatment with amantadine did not alter whole brain dopamine levels but decreased the amounts of ENTC 3,4-dihydroxyphenylacetic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC amantadine ENTCEND ENTD depressed ENTDEND
0	ENTD depressed ENTDEND locomotor activity in all mouse strains studied with the BALB/C mice being the most sensitive. Subsequent amantadine treatments produced enhancement of motility from corresponding control in all mouse strains with the BALB/C mice being the least sensitive. The locomotor activity was decreased from corresponding controls in all strains studied, except for the ICR mice, during an overnight drug-free period following the fourth amantadine treatment. Readministration of amantadine, after a drug-free overnight period, increased motility from respective saline control in all strains with exception of the BALB/C mice where suppression of motility occurred. Treatment with amantadine did not alter whole brain ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD depressed ENTDEND locomotor activity in all mouse strains studied with the BALB/C mice being the most sensitive. Subsequent amantadine treatments produced enhancement of motility from corresponding control in all mouse strains with the BALB/C mice being the least sensitive. The locomotor activity was decreased from corresponding controls in all strains studied, except for the ICR mice, during an overnight drug-free period following the fourth amantadine treatment. Readministration of amantadine, after a drug-free overnight period, increased motility from respective saline control in all strains with exception of the BALB/C mice where suppression of motility occurred. Treatment with amantadine did not alter whole brain dopamine levels but decreased the amounts of 3,4-dihydroxyphenylacetic acid in the BALB/C mice compared to saline control. Conversely, brain ENTC normetanephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTC norepinephrine ENTCEND which may account for a ENTD behavioral depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC amines ENTCEND of BALB/C mouse strain suggest a probable decrease of catecholamine turnover rate and/or metabolism by monoamine oxidase and a resulting increase in O-methylation of norepinephrine which may account for a ENTD behavioral depression ENTDEND
0	ENTD suppression of motility ENTDEND occurred. Treatment with amantadine did not alter whole brain dopamine levels but decreased the amounts of ENTC 3,4-dihydroxyphenylacetic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC catecholamine ENTCEND turnover rate and/or metabolism by monoamine oxidase and a resulting increase in O-methylation of norepinephrine which may account for a ENTD behavioral depression ENTDEND
1	ENTD behavioral depression ENTDEND caused by ENTC amantadine ENTCEND
0	ENTD suppression of motility ENTDEND occurred. Treatment with amantadine did not alter whole brain ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD suppression of motility ENTDEND occurred. Treatment with amantadine did not alter whole brain dopamine levels but decreased the amounts of 3,4-dihydroxyphenylacetic acid in the BALB/C mice compared to saline control. Conversely, brain ENTC normetanephrine ENTCEND
1	ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND mediated ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC Metformin ENTCEND treatment fully blocked gentamicin-mediated ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND species, permeability transition, and cytochrome c release were assessed 3 and 6 days after gentamicin administration. Metformin treatment fully blocked gentamicin-mediated ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  Mitochondrial analysis, respiration intensity, levels of reactive oxygen species, permeability transition, and cytochrome c release were assessed 3 and 6 days after gentamicin administration. ENTC Metformin ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  Mitochondrial analysis, respiration intensity, levels of reactive ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
0	ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC metformin ENTCEND can lessen gentamicin ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND species from the electron transfer chain, were significantly decreased by metformin. Thus, our study suggests that pleiotropic effects of metformin can lessen gentamicin ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD vascular dysfunction ENTDEND even in nondiabetic patients. Here we tested whether it has a beneficial effect in a rat model of ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC metformin ENTCEND can diminish apoptosis induced by oxidative stress in endothelial cells and prevent ENTD vascular dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTD vascular dysfunction ENTDEND even in nondiabetic patients. Here we tested whether it has a beneficial effect in a rat model of gentamicin toxicity. Mitochondrial analysis, respiration intensity, levels of reactive ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
1	ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND -induced ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND  rats is not mediated by prejunctional beta-adrenoceptor activation.The present study examines the effect of 6-day epinephrine treatment (100 micrograms/kg per h, s.c.) on stimulus-induced (1 Hz) endogenous neurotransmitter overflow from the isolated perfused kidney of vehicle- and epinephrine-treated rats. Renal ENTC catecholamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND  rats is not mediated by prejunctional beta-adrenoceptor activation.The present study examines the effect of 6-day epinephrine treatment (100 micrograms/kg per h, s.c.) on stimulus-induced (1 Hz) endogenous neurotransmitter overflow from the isolated perfused kidney of vehicle- and epinephrine-treated rats. Renal catecholamine stores and stimulus-induced overflow in the vehicle-treated group consisted of ENTC norepinephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTD tumors ENTDEND  Preliminary results indicate that ENTC testosterone ENTCEND
1	ENTC testosterone ENTCEND at age 4 months, developed a higher incidence of ENTD prostate cancer ENTDEND
1	ENTC testosterone ENTCEND developed only ENTD prostatitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC testosterone ENTCEND  and dietary fat on prostate ENTD carcinogenesis ENTDEND
1	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND  from ENTC amphotericin ENTCEND
0	ENTC amphotericin ENTCEND .A patient with cryptogenic cirrhosis and disseminated ENTD sporotrichosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal dysfunction ENTDEND  We propose that ENTC amphotericin ENTCEND
0	ENTC amphotericin ENTCEND .A patient with cryptogenic ENTD cirrhosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC amphotericin B ENTCEND on four separate occasions. The abruptness of the ENTD renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC atracurium ENTCEND in the intravenous line led to recurarization after flushing the line in the recovery room. A respiratory arrest with severe desaturation and bradycardia occurred. Circumstances leading to this event and the mechanisms enabling a ENTD neuromuscular blockade ENTDEND
1	ENTC atracurium ENTCEND in the intravenous line led to recurarization after flushing the line in the recovery room. A respiratory arrest with severe desaturation and ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
1	ENTC atracurium ENTCEND in the intravenous line led to recurarization after flushing the line in the recovery room. A ENTD respiratory arrest ENTDEND
1	ENTC atracurium ENTCEND in the intravenous line led to recurarization after flushing the line in the recovery room. A respiratory arrest with severe ENTD desaturation ENTDEND
0	ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND .Two multigravida patients with no prior ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND
0	ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND  These cases demonstrate that ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND
0	ENTD inhibition of lactation ENTDEND  ENTC Bromocriptine ENTCEND
1	ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND may cause ENTD psychosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND  by intracerebral ENTC calcitonin ENTCEND
1	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND -induced ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
1	ENTD dysphonia ENTDEND  and ENTC acitretin ENTCEND
0	ENTD ocular pain ENTDEND  decreased visual acuity, or photophobia, in order of decreasing frequency. Even after early detection and prompt treatment, 41% of cases of uveitis did not respond to more than six months of intensive topical treatment with corticosteroids and mydriatics. Despite this, there was a dramatic decrease in the 50% incidence of blinding complications of uveitis cited in earlier studies. Cataract and band keratopathy occurred in only 22 and 13% of our group, respectively. We used ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND
0	ENTD ocular pain ENTDEND  decreased visual acuity, or photophobia, in order of decreasing frequency. Even after early detection and prompt treatment, 41% of cases of uveitis did not respond to more than six months of intensive topical treatment with ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD ocular pain ENTDEND  decreased visual acuity, or photophobia, in order of decreasing frequency. Even after early detection and prompt treatment, 41% of cases of uveitis did not respond to more than six months of intensive topical treatment with corticosteroids and mydriatics. Despite this, there was a dramatic decrease in the 50% incidence of blinding complications of uveitis cited in earlier studies. Cataract and band keratopathy occurred in only 22 and 13% of our group, respectively. We used chloroquine or ENTC hydroxychloroquine ENTCEND
0	ENTD band keratopathy ENTDEND occurred in only 22 and 13% of our group, respectively. We used ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND
0	ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND and mydriatics. Despite this, there was a dramatic decrease in the 50% incidence of blinding complications of uveitis cited in earlier studies. Cataract and ENTD band keratopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD band keratopathy ENTDEND occurred in only 22 and 13% of our group, respectively. We used chloroquine or ENTC hydroxychloroquine ENTCEND
0	ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND or hydroxychloroquine in 173 of 210 cases and found only one case of chorioretinopathy attributable to these drugs. Systemically administered corticosteroids were used in 75 of 210 cases; a significant number of posterior subcapsular cataracts was found. Typical keratoconjunctivitis sicca developed in three of the uveitis cases. This association with uveitis and JRA was not noted previously. Surgical treatment of cataracts, band keratopathy, and ENTD glaucoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND were used in 75 of 210 cases; a significant number of posterior subcapsular cataracts was found. Typical keratoconjunctivitis sicca developed in three of the uveitis cases. This association with uveitis and JRA was not noted previously. Surgical treatment of cataracts, band keratopathy, and ENTD glaucoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC hydroxychloroquine ENTCEND in 173 of 210 cases and found only one case of chorioretinopathy attributable to these drugs. Systemically administered corticosteroids were used in 75 of 210 cases; a significant number of posterior subcapsular cataracts was found. Typical keratoconjunctivitis sicca developed in three of the uveitis cases. This association with uveitis and JRA was not noted previously. Surgical treatment of cataracts, band keratopathy, and ENTD glaucoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD Iridocyclitis ENTDEND was seen most frequently in young female patients (0 to 4 years) with the monoarticular or pauciatricular form of the arthritis. However, 30% of the patients developed uveitis after 16 years of age. Although 61% of patients had a noncontributory ocular history on entry, 42% had active uveitis on entry. Our approach was effective in detecting uveitis in new cases and exacerbations of uveitis in established cases. Forty-four percent of patients with uveitis had one or more identifiable signs or symptoms, such as red eye, ocular pain, decreased visual acuity, or photophobia, in order of decreasing frequency. Even after early detection and prompt treatment, 41% of cases of uveitis did not respond to more than six months of intensive topical treatment with ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD photophobia ENTDEND  in order of decreasing frequency. Even after early detection and prompt treatment, 41% of cases of uveitis did not respond to more than six months of intensive topical treatment with corticosteroids and mydriatics. Despite this, there was a dramatic decrease in the 50% incidence of blinding complications of uveitis cited in earlier studies. Cataract and band keratopathy occurred in only 22 and 13% of our group, respectively. We used ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND
0	ENTD photophobia ENTDEND  in order of decreasing frequency. Even after early detection and prompt treatment, 41% of cases of uveitis did not respond to more than six months of intensive topical treatment with ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD photophobia ENTDEND  in order of decreasing frequency. Even after early detection and prompt treatment, 41% of cases of uveitis did not respond to more than six months of intensive topical treatment with corticosteroids and mydriatics. Despite this, there was a dramatic decrease in the 50% incidence of blinding complications of uveitis cited in earlier studies. Cataract and band keratopathy occurred in only 22 and 13% of our group, respectively. We used chloroquine or ENTC hydroxychloroquine ENTCEND
0	ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND or hydroxychloroquine in 173 of 210 cases and found only one case of chorioretinopathy attributable to these drugs. Systemically administered corticosteroids were used in 75 of 210 cases; a significant number of posterior subcapsular cataracts was found. Typical ENTD keratoconjunctivitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND were used in 75 of 210 cases; a significant number of posterior subcapsular cataracts was found. Typical ENTD keratoconjunctivitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC hydroxychloroquine ENTCEND in 173 of 210 cases and found only one case of chorioretinopathy attributable to these drugs. Systemically administered corticosteroids were used in 75 of 210 cases; a significant number of posterior subcapsular cataracts was found. Typical ENTD keratoconjunctivitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD decreased visual acuity ENTDEND  or photophobia, in order of decreasing frequency. Even after early detection and prompt treatment, 41% of cases of uveitis did not respond to more than six months of intensive topical treatment with corticosteroids and mydriatics. Despite this, there was a dramatic decrease in the 50% incidence of blinding complications of uveitis cited in earlier studies. Cataract and band keratopathy occurred in only 22 and 13% of our group, respectively. We used ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND
0	ENTD decreased visual acuity ENTDEND  or photophobia, in order of decreasing frequency. Even after early detection and prompt treatment, 41% of cases of uveitis did not respond to more than six months of intensive topical treatment with ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD decreased visual acuity ENTDEND  or photophobia, in order of decreasing frequency. Even after early detection and prompt treatment, 41% of cases of uveitis did not respond to more than six months of intensive topical treatment with corticosteroids and mydriatics. Despite this, there was a dramatic decrease in the 50% incidence of blinding complications of uveitis cited in earlier studies. Cataract and band keratopathy occurred in only 22 and 13% of our group, respectively. We used chloroquine or ENTC hydroxychloroquine ENTCEND
0	ENTD arthritis ENTDEND  However, 30% of the patients developed uveitis after 16 years of age. Although 61% of patients had a noncontributory ocular history on entry, 42% had active uveitis on entry. Our approach was effective in detecting uveitis in new cases and exacerbations of uveitis in established cases. Forty-four percent of patients with uveitis had one or more identifiable signs or symptoms, such as red eye, ocular pain, decreased visual acuity, or photophobia, in order of decreasing frequency. Even after early detection and prompt treatment, 41% of cases of uveitis did not respond to more than six months of intensive topical treatment with ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD Cataract ENTDEND and band keratopathy occurred in only 22 and 13% of our group, respectively. We used ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND
0	ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND were used in 75 of 210 cases; a significant number of posterior subcapsular ENTD cataracts ENTDEND
0	ENTD Cataract ENTDEND and band keratopathy occurred in only 22 and 13% of our group, respectively. We used chloroquine or ENTC hydroxychloroquine ENTCEND
0	ENTD uveitis ENTDEND cited in earlier studies. Cataract and band keratopathy occurred in only 22 and 13% of our group, respectively. We used ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND
0	ENTD uveitis ENTDEND did not respond to more than six months of intensive topical treatment with ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD uveitis ENTDEND cited in earlier studies. Cataract and band keratopathy occurred in only 22 and 13% of our group, respectively. We used chloroquine or ENTC hydroxychloroquine ENTCEND
0	ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND or hydroxychloroquine in 173 of 210 cases and found only one case of ENTD chorioretinopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD chorioretinopathy ENTDEND attributable to these drugs. Systemically administered ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND
1	ENTC hydroxychloroquine ENTCEND in 173 of 210 cases and found only one case of ENTD chorioretinopathy ENTDEND
1	ENTD detrimental effect on memory and cognition ENTDEND ? A pilot study.This pilot study examines whether hormone therapy for breast cancer affects cognition. Patients participating in a randomised trial of ENTC anastrozole ENTCEND
1	ENTD detrimental effect on memory and cognition ENTDEND ? A pilot study.This pilot study examines whether hormone therapy for breast cancer affects cognition. Patients participating in a randomised trial of anastrozole, ENTC tamoxifen ENTCEND
0	ENTD detrimental effect on memory and cognition ENTDEND ? A pilot study.This pilot study examines whether hormone therapy for breast cancer affects cognition. Patients participating in a randomised trial of anastrozole, tamoxifen alone or combined (ATAC) (n=94) and a group of women without breast cancer (n=35) completed a battery of neuropsychological measures. Compared with the control group, the patients were impaired on a processing speed task (p=0.032) and on a measure of immediate verbal memory (p=0.026) after controlling for the use of hormone replacement therapy in both groups. Patient group performance was not significantly related to length of treatment or measures of psychological morbidity. The results showed specific impairments in processing speed and verbal memory in women receiving hormonal therapy for the treatment of breast cancer. Verbal memory may be especially sensitive to changes in ENTC oestrogen ENTCEND
1	ENTD detrimental effect on memory and cognition ENTDEND ? A pilot study.This pilot study examines whether hormone therapy for breast cancer affects cognition. Patients participating in a randomised trial of ENTC anastrozole ENTCEND
1	ENTD detrimental effect on memory and cognition ENTDEND ? A pilot study.This pilot study examines whether hormone therapy for breast cancer affects cognition. Patients participating in a randomised trial of anastrozole, ENTC tamoxifen ENTCEND
0	ENTD detrimental effect on memory and cognition ENTDEND ? A pilot study.This pilot study examines whether hormone therapy for breast cancer affects cognition. Patients participating in a randomised trial of anastrozole, tamoxifen alone or combined (ATAC) (n=94) and a group of women without breast cancer (n=35) completed a battery of neuropsychological measures. Compared with the control group, the patients were impaired on a processing speed task (p=0.032) and on a measure of immediate verbal memory (p=0.026) after controlling for the use of hormone replacement therapy in both groups. Patient group performance was not significantly related to length of treatment or measures of psychological morbidity. The results showed specific impairments in processing speed and verbal memory in women receiving hormonal therapy for the treatment of breast cancer. Verbal memory may be especially sensitive to changes in ENTC oestrogen ENTCEND
0	ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND affects cognition. Patients participating in a randomised trial of ENTC anastrozole ENTCEND
0	ENTC tamoxifen ENTCEND alone or combined (ATAC) (n=94) and a group of women without ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND  Verbal memory may be especially sensitive to changes in ENTC oestrogen ENTCEND
0	ENTC trihexyphenidyl ENTCEND and not to other anticholinergic drugs. This antidyskinetic drug is widely used in clinical ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND
0	ENTC trihexyphenidyl hydrochloride ENTCEND .A chronic ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND
1	ENTD Bradycardia ENTDEND  due to ENTC trihexyphenidyl hydrochloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD Liver disease ENTDEND  caused by ENTC propylthiouracil ENTCEND
1	ENTD chronic active (aggressive) hepatitis ENTDEND caused by the administration of ENTC propylthiouracil ENTCEND
0	ENTC Apamin ENTCEND (10 ng) had a tendency to decrease the ENTD convulsive ENTDEND
1	ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND -induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND dependent potassium channels, was administered intracerebroventricularly in rats anesthetized with 0.8% sevoflurane to investigate the mechanism of the anticonvulsive effects. Apamin (10 ng) had a tendency to decrease the ENTD convulsive ENTDEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND channels, was administered intracerebroventricularly in rats anesthetized with 0.8% sevoflurane to investigate the mechanism of the anticonvulsive effects. Apamin (10 ng) had a tendency to decrease the ENTD convulsive ENTDEND
0	ENTC sevoflurane ENTCEND reduces the ENTD convulsive ENTDEND
0	ENTD convulsive ENTDEND threshold between sevoflurane and ENTC enflurane ENTCEND
0	ENTC Apamin ENTCEND (10 ng) had a tendency to decrease the convulsive threshold (21.6 +/- 2.2 to 19.9 +/- 2.5 mg. l(-1)) but this was not statistically significant. It is suggested that sevoflurane reduces the convulsive effect of lidocaine ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND dependent potassium channels, was administered intracerebroventricularly in rats anesthetized with 0.8% sevoflurane to investigate the mechanism of the anticonvulsive effects. Apamin (10 ng) had a tendency to decrease the convulsive threshold (21.6 +/- 2.2 to 19.9 +/- 2.5 mg. l(-1)) but this was not statistically significant. It is suggested that sevoflurane reduces the convulsive effect of lidocaine ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND channels, was administered intracerebroventricularly in rats anesthetized with 0.8% sevoflurane to investigate the mechanism of the anticonvulsive effects. Apamin (10 ng) had a tendency to decrease the convulsive threshold (21.6 +/- 2.2 to 19.9 +/- 2.5 mg. l(-1)) but this was not statistically significant. It is suggested that sevoflurane reduces the convulsive effect of lidocaine ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC sevoflurane ENTCEND reduces the convulsive effect of lidocaine ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC enflurane ENTCEND  However, there was no significant difference in the lidocaine concentrations measured when the systolic blood pressure became 70 mmHg. Apamin, a selective blocker of calcium-dependent potassium channels, was administered intracerebroventricularly in rats anesthetized with 0.8% sevoflurane to investigate the mechanism of the anticonvulsive effects. Apamin (10 ng) had a tendency to decrease the convulsive threshold (21.6 +/- 2.2 to 19.9 +/- 2.5 mg. l(-1)) but this was not statistically significant. It is suggested that sevoflurane reduces the convulsive effect of lidocaine ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC Apamin ENTCEND (10 ng) had a tendency to decrease the convulsive threshold (21.6 +/- 2.2 to 19.9 +/- 2.5 mg. l(-1)) but this was not statistically significant. It is suggested that sevoflurane reduces the convulsive effect of lidocaine toxicity but carries some risk due to circulatory ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND toxicity but carries some risk due to circulatory ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND dependent potassium channels, was administered intracerebroventricularly in rats anesthetized with 0.8% sevoflurane to investigate the mechanism of the anticonvulsive effects. Apamin (10 ng) had a tendency to decrease the convulsive threshold (21.6 +/- 2.2 to 19.9 +/- 2.5 mg. l(-1)) but this was not statistically significant. It is suggested that sevoflurane reduces the convulsive effect of lidocaine toxicity but carries some risk due to circulatory ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND channels, was administered intracerebroventricularly in rats anesthetized with 0.8% sevoflurane to investigate the mechanism of the anticonvulsive effects. Apamin (10 ng) had a tendency to decrease the convulsive threshold (21.6 +/- 2.2 to 19.9 +/- 2.5 mg. l(-1)) but this was not statistically significant. It is suggested that sevoflurane reduces the convulsive effect of lidocaine toxicity but carries some risk due to circulatory ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC sevoflurane ENTCEND reduces the convulsive effect of lidocaine toxicity but carries some risk due to circulatory ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC enflurane ENTCEND  However, there was no significant difference in the lidocaine concentrations measured when the systolic blood pressure became 70 mmHg. Apamin, a selective blocker of calcium-dependent potassium channels, was administered intracerebroventricularly in rats anesthetized with 0.8% sevoflurane to investigate the mechanism of the anticonvulsive effects. Apamin (10 ng) had a tendency to decrease the convulsive threshold (21.6 +/- 2.2 to 19.9 +/- 2.5 mg. l(-1)) but this was not statistically significant. It is suggested that sevoflurane reduces the convulsive effect of lidocaine toxicity but carries some risk due to circulatory ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND  ENTC Lidocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND  The differential effects of ENTC ketamine ENTCEND
1	ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND  The following were measured: spontaneous ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND  on dynamic and static ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND  ENTC Ketamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND induced by ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac toxicity ENTDEND is low. However, caution is required when ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac toxicity ENTDEND is low. However, caution is required when cyclophosphamide or ENTC anthracyclines ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac toxicity ENTDEND is low. However, caution is required when cyclophosphamide or anthracyclines such as ENTC mitoxantrone ENTCEND
0	ENTC anthracyclines ENTCEND such as mitoxantrone are used in patients with a possible underlying heart damage, for example, systemic sclerosis patients. In November 2002, a meeting was held in Florence, bringing together a number of experts in various fields, including rheumatology, cardiology, neurology, pharmacology and transplantation medicine. The object of the meeting was to analyse existing data, both published or available, in the European Group for Blood and Marrow Transplantation ENTD autoimmune disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC mitoxantrone ENTCEND are used in patients with a possible underlying heart damage, for example, systemic sclerosis patients. In November 2002, a meeting was held in Florence, bringing together a number of experts in various fields, including rheumatology, cardiology, neurology, pharmacology and transplantation medicine. The object of the meeting was to analyse existing data, both published or available, in the European Group for Blood and Marrow Transplantation ENTD autoimmune disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND or anthracyclines such as mitoxantrone are used in patients with a possible underlying heart damage, for example, ENTD systemic sclerosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC anthracyclines ENTCEND such as mitoxantrone are used in patients with a possible underlying heart damage, for example, ENTD systemic sclerosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC mitoxantrone ENTCEND are used in patients with a possible underlying heart damage, for example, ENTD systemic sclerosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD infections ENTDEND  The number of deaths related to cardiac toxicity is low. However, caution is required when ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD infections ENTDEND  The number of deaths related to cardiac toxicity is low. However, caution is required when cyclophosphamide or ENTC anthracyclines ENTCEND
0	ENTD infections ENTDEND  The number of deaths related to cardiac toxicity is low. However, caution is required when cyclophosphamide or anthracyclines such as ENTC mitoxantrone ENTCEND
1	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND or anthracyclines such as mitoxantrone are used in patients with a possible underlying ENTD heart damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC anthracyclines ENTCEND such as mitoxantrone are used in patients with a possible underlying ENTD heart damage ENTDEND
1	ENTC mitoxantrone ENTCEND are used in patients with a possible underlying ENTD heart damage ENTDEND
1	ENTC vancomycin ENTCEND was considered the likely cause. Reactions included thrombophlebitis (20 of 54 patients), ENTD rash ENTDEND
0	ENTD rash ENTDEND (4 of 54), nephrotoxicity (4 of 50), proteinuria (1 of 50) and ototoxicity (1 of 11 patients tested by audiometry). Thrombophlebitis occurred only with infusion through peripheral cannulae; nephrotoxicity and ototoxicity were confined to patients receiving an ENTC aminoglycoside ENTCEND
1	ENTD ototoxicity ENTDEND were confined to patients receiving an aminoglycoside plus ENTC vancomycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD ototoxicity ENTDEND were confined to patients receiving an ENTC aminoglycoside ENTCEND
1	ENTC vancomycin ENTCEND was considered the likely cause. Reactions included thrombophlebitis (20 of 54 patients), rash (4 of 54), nephrotoxicity (4 of 50), ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND (1 of 50) and ototoxicity (1 of 11 patients tested by audiometry). Thrombophlebitis occurred only with infusion through peripheral cannulae; nephrotoxicity and ototoxicity were confined to patients receiving an ENTC aminoglycoside ENTCEND
1	ENTC vancomycin ENTCEND was considered the likely cause. Reactions included ENTD thrombophlebitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD Thrombophlebitis ENTDEND occurred only with infusion through peripheral cannulae; nephrotoxicity and ototoxicity were confined to patients receiving an ENTC aminoglycoside ENTCEND
0	ENTC Vancomycin ENTCEND was curative in 95% of 43 patients with proven ENTD infection ENTDEND
0	ENTC aminoglycoside ENTCEND plus vancomycin. We conclude that vancomycin, administered appropriately, constitutes safe, effective therapy for ENTD infections ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND and ototoxicity were confined to patients receiving an aminoglycoside plus ENTC vancomycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND and ototoxicity were confined to patients receiving an ENTC aminoglycoside ENTCEND
1	ENTC cefonicid ENTCEND or cefazedone to beagle dogs caused a dose-dependent incidence of ENTD anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Cephalosporin ENTCEND antibiotics cause a variety of hematologic disturbances in man, the pathogeneses and hematopathology of which remain poorly characterized. There is a need for a well-defined animal model in which these blood dyscrasias can be studied. In four subacute toxicity studies, the intravenous administration of cefonicid or cefazedone to beagle dogs caused a dose-dependent incidence of ENTD anemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC cefazedone ENTCEND to beagle dogs caused a dose-dependent incidence of ENTD anemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC cefonicid ENTCEND or cefazedone to beagle dogs caused a dose-dependent incidence of anemia, neutropenia, and ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Cephalosporin ENTCEND antibiotics cause a variety of hematologic disturbances in man, the pathogeneses and hematopathology of which remain poorly characterized. There is a need for a well-defined animal model in which these blood dyscrasias can be studied. In four subacute toxicity studies, the intravenous administration of cefonicid or cefazedone to beagle dogs caused a dose-dependent incidence of anemia, neutropenia, and ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND
1	ENTC cefazedone ENTCEND to beagle dogs caused a dose-dependent incidence of anemia, neutropenia, and ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND studies, the intravenous administration of ENTC cefonicid ENTCEND
0	ENTC Cephalosporin ENTCEND antibiotics cause a variety of hematologic disturbances in man, the pathogeneses and hematopathology of which remain poorly characterized. There is a need for a well-defined animal model in which these blood dyscrasias can be studied. In four subacute ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND studies, the intravenous administration of cefonicid or ENTC cefazedone ENTCEND
0	ENTC cefonicid ENTCEND or cefazedone to dogs can induce ENTD hematotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC cephalosporin ENTCEND ENTD hematotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC cefazedone ENTCEND  All three ENTD cytopenias ENTDEND
1	ENTC cefonicid ENTCEND or cefazedone to beagle dogs caused a dose-dependent incidence of anemia, ENTD neutropenia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Cephalosporin ENTCEND antibiotics cause a variety of hematologic disturbances in man, the pathogeneses and hematopathology of which remain poorly characterized. There is a need for a well-defined animal model in which these blood dyscrasias can be studied. In four subacute toxicity studies, the intravenous administration of cefonicid or cefazedone to beagle dogs caused a dose-dependent incidence of anemia, ENTD neutropenia ENTDEND
1	ENTC cefazedone ENTCEND to beagle dogs caused a dose-dependent incidence of anemia, ENTD neutropenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemolytic ENTDEND component complicated the red cell production problem and that multiple toxicologic mechanisms contributed to the cytopenia. We conclude that the administration of high doses of ENTC cefonicid ENTCEND
0	ENTD hemolytic ENTDEND component complicated the red cell production problem and that multiple toxicologic mechanisms contributed to the cytopenia. We conclude that the administration of high doses of cefonicid or cefazedone to dogs can induce hematotoxicity similar to the ENTC cephalosporin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hemolytic ENTDEND component complicated the red cell production problem and that multiple toxicologic mechanisms contributed to the cytopenia. We conclude that the administration of high doses of cefonicid or ENTC cefazedone ENTCEND
0	ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND  In contrast, ENTC 2R,4R-APDC ENTCEND
0	ENTC AIDA ENTCEND in doses of 7.5-15 microg/0.5 microl diminished the haloperidol-induced ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND
1	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND induced ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND
0	ENTC glutamate ENTCEND  receptors.The aim of the present study was to find out whether the metabotropic receptor 1 (mGluR1) and group II mGluRs, localized in the striatum, are involved in antiparkinsonian-like effects in rats. Haloperidol (1 mg/kg ip) induced parkinsonian-like ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND
0	ENTC 2R,4R-APDC ENTCEND injections were ineffective. The present results may suggest that the blockade of striatal mGluR1, but not the stimulation of group II mGluRs, may ameliorate ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND
0	ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND like muscle rigidity, measured as an increased resistance of a rat's hind foot to passive flexion and extension at the ankle joint. ENTC (RS)-1-aminoindan-1,5-dicarboxylic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC Haloperidol ENTCEND (1 mg/kg ip) induced ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND
0	ENTC glutamate ENTCEND  receptors.The aim of the present study was to find out whether the metabotropic receptor 1 (mGluR1) and group II mGluRs, localized in the striatum, are involved in antiparkinsonian-like effects in rats. Haloperidol (1 mg/kg ip) induced ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND
1	ENTD vein thrombosis ENTDEND  and topical ENTC dipivalyl epinephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTC dipivalyl epinephrine ENTCEND for advanced ENTD glaucoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD pulmonary edema ENTDEND  treated with high-dose diuretics. Due to severe systolic dysfunction losartan was prescribed. Surprisingly, the first dose of 50 mg of losartan resulted in a sudden anuria, which lasted eight hours despite high-dose ENTC furosemide ENTCEND
0	ENTC losartan ENTCEND administration. He was hospitalized for a myocardial infarction with ENTD pulmonary edema ENTDEND
0	ENTD pulmonary edema ENTDEND  treated with high-dose diuretics. Due to severe systolic dysfunction losartan was prescribed. Surprisingly, the first dose of 50 mg of losartan resulted in a sudden anuria, which lasted eight hours despite high-dose furosemide and ENTC amine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND man with a solitary kidney and chronic renal insufficiency who developed two episodes of transient anuria after losartan administration. He was hospitalized for a myocardial infarction with pulmonary edema, treated with high-dose diuretics. Due to severe systolic dysfunction losartan was prescribed. Surprisingly, the first dose of 50 mg of losartan resulted in a sudden anuria, which lasted eight hours despite high-dose ENTC furosemide ENTCEND
0	ENTC losartan ENTCEND  administration in a patient with a solitary kidney.We report the case of a 70-year-old ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND man with a solitary kidney and chronic renal insufficiency who developed two episodes of transient anuria after losartan administration. He was hospitalized for a myocardial infarction with pulmonary edema, treated with high-dose diuretics. Due to severe systolic dysfunction losartan was prescribed. Surprisingly, the first dose of 50 mg of losartan resulted in a sudden anuria, which lasted eight hours despite high-dose furosemide and ENTC amine ENTCEND
0	ENTC furosemide ENTCEND and amine infusion. One week later, by mistake, losartan was prescribed again and after the second dose of 50 mg, the patient developed a second episode of transient anuria lasting 10 hours. During these two episodes, his blood pressure diminished but no severe ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND was noted. Ultimately, an arteriography showed a 70-80% renal artery stenosis. In this patient, renal artery stenosis combined with heart failure and diuretic therapy certainly resulted in a strong activation of the renin- ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTC losartan ENTCEND was prescribed again and after the second dose of 50 mg, the patient developed a second episode of transient anuria lasting 10 hours. During these two episodes, his blood pressure diminished but no severe ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC amine ENTCEND infusion. One week later, by mistake, losartan was prescribed again and after the second dose of 50 mg, the patient developed a second episode of transient anuria lasting 10 hours. During these two episodes, his blood pressure diminished but no severe ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND was noted. Ultimately, an arteriography showed a 70-80% renal artery stenosis. In this patient, renal artery stenosis combined with heart failure and diuretic therapy certainly resulted in a strong activation of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS). Under such conditions, ENTC angiotensin II ENTCEND
0	ENTD chronic renal insufficiency ENTDEND who developed two episodes of transient anuria after losartan administration. He was hospitalized for a myocardial infarction with pulmonary edema, treated with high-dose diuretics. Due to severe systolic dysfunction losartan was prescribed. Surprisingly, the first dose of 50 mg of losartan resulted in a sudden anuria, which lasted eight hours despite high-dose ENTC furosemide ENTCEND
0	ENTD chronic renal insufficiency ENTDEND who developed two episodes of transient anuria after ENTC losartan ENTCEND
0	ENTD chronic renal insufficiency ENTDEND who developed two episodes of transient anuria after losartan administration. He was hospitalized for a myocardial infarction with pulmonary edema, treated with high-dose diuretics. Due to severe systolic dysfunction losartan was prescribed. Surprisingly, the first dose of 50 mg of losartan resulted in a sudden anuria, which lasted eight hours despite high-dose furosemide and ENTC amine ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND with pulmonary edema, treated with high-dose diuretics. Due to severe systolic dysfunction losartan was prescribed. Surprisingly, the first dose of 50 mg of losartan resulted in a sudden anuria, which lasted eight hours despite high-dose ENTC furosemide ENTCEND
0	ENTC losartan ENTCEND administration. He was hospitalized for a ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND with pulmonary edema, treated with high-dose diuretics. Due to severe systolic dysfunction losartan was prescribed. Surprisingly, the first dose of 50 mg of losartan resulted in a sudden anuria, which lasted eight hours despite high-dose furosemide and ENTC amine ENTCEND
0	ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND system (RAS). Under such conditions, angiotensin II receptor blockade by losartan probably induced a critical fall in glomerular filtration pressure. This case report highlights the fact that the angiotensin II receptor antagonist losartan can cause serious unexpected complications in patients with ENTD renovascular disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC losartan ENTCEND can cause serious unexpected complications in patients with ENTD renovascular disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC angiotensin II ENTCEND receptor antagonist losartan can cause serious unexpected complications in patients with ENTD renovascular disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC furosemide ENTCEND and amine infusion. One week later, by mistake, losartan was prescribed again and after the second dose of 50 mg, the patient developed a second episode of transient anuria lasting 10 hours. During these two episodes, his blood pressure diminished but no severe hypotension was noted. Ultimately, an arteriography showed a 70-80% renal artery stenosis. In this patient, renal artery stenosis combined with ENTD heart failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND and diuretic therapy certainly resulted in a strong activation of the renin- ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND and diuretic therapy certainly resulted in a strong activation of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS). Under such conditions, angiotensin II receptor blockade by ENTC losartan ENTCEND
0	ENTC amine ENTCEND infusion. One week later, by mistake, losartan was prescribed again and after the second dose of 50 mg, the patient developed a second episode of transient anuria lasting 10 hours. During these two episodes, his blood pressure diminished but no severe hypotension was noted. Ultimately, an arteriography showed a 70-80% renal artery stenosis. In this patient, renal artery stenosis combined with ENTD heart failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND and diuretic therapy certainly resulted in a strong activation of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS). Under such conditions, ENTC angiotensin II ENTCEND
0	ENTC furosemide ENTCEND and amine infusion. One week later, by mistake, losartan was prescribed again and after the second dose of 50 mg, the patient developed a second episode of transient anuria lasting 10 hours. During these two episodes, his blood pressure diminished but no severe hypotension was noted. Ultimately, an arteriography showed a 70-80% ENTD renal artery stenosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal artery stenosis ENTDEND combined with heart failure and diuretic therapy certainly resulted in a strong activation of the renin- ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal artery stenosis ENTDEND combined with heart failure and diuretic therapy certainly resulted in a strong activation of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS). Under such conditions, angiotensin II receptor blockade by ENTC losartan ENTCEND
0	ENTC amine ENTCEND infusion. One week later, by mistake, losartan was prescribed again and after the second dose of 50 mg, the patient developed a second episode of transient anuria lasting 10 hours. During these two episodes, his blood pressure diminished but no severe hypotension was noted. Ultimately, an arteriography showed a 70-80% ENTD renal artery stenosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal artery stenosis ENTDEND combined with heart failure and diuretic therapy certainly resulted in a strong activation of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS). Under such conditions, ENTC angiotensin II ENTCEND
0	ENTD anuria ENTDEND  which lasted eight hours despite high-dose ENTC furosemide ENTCEND
0	ENTD anuria ENTDEND lasting 10 hours. During these two episodes, his blood pressure diminished but no severe hypotension was noted. Ultimately, an arteriography showed a 70-80% renal artery stenosis. In this patient, renal artery stenosis combined with heart failure and diuretic therapy certainly resulted in a strong activation of the renin- ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
1	ENTD anuria ENTDEND after ENTC losartan ENTCEND
0	ENTD anuria ENTDEND  which lasted eight hours despite high-dose furosemide and ENTC amine ENTCEND
0	ENTD anuria ENTDEND lasting 10 hours. During these two episodes, his blood pressure diminished but no severe hypotension was noted. Ultimately, an arteriography showed a 70-80% renal artery stenosis. In this patient, renal artery stenosis combined with heart failure and diuretic therapy certainly resulted in a strong activation of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS). Under such conditions, ENTC angiotensin II ENTCEND
0	ENTD systolic dysfunction ENTDEND losartan was prescribed. Surprisingly, the first dose of 50 mg of losartan resulted in a sudden anuria, which lasted eight hours despite high-dose ENTC furosemide ENTCEND
0	ENTD systolic dysfunction ENTDEND losartan was prescribed. Surprisingly, the first dose of 50 mg of losartan resulted in a sudden anuria, which lasted eight hours despite high-dose furosemide and amine infusion. One week later, by mistake, losartan was prescribed again and after the second dose of 50 mg, the patient developed a second episode of transient anuria lasting 10 hours. During these two episodes, his blood pressure diminished but no severe hypotension was noted. Ultimately, an arteriography showed a 70-80% renal artery stenosis. In this patient, renal artery stenosis combined with heart failure and diuretic therapy certainly resulted in a strong activation of the renin- ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTD systolic dysfunction ENTDEND ENTC losartan ENTCEND
0	ENTD systolic dysfunction ENTDEND losartan was prescribed. Surprisingly, the first dose of 50 mg of losartan resulted in a sudden anuria, which lasted eight hours despite high-dose furosemide and ENTC amine ENTCEND
1	ENTC Lithium carbonate ENTCEND may be a factor in the increasing incidence of congenital heart disease when taken during early pregnancy. It also causes neurologic depression, cyanosis, and ENTD cardiac arrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTC lithium ENTCEND compounds in the first trimester of pregnancy. Sixty-three percent of these infants had tricuspid valve involvement. Lithium carbonate may be a factor in the increasing incidence of congenital heart disease when taken during early pregnancy. It also causes neurologic depression, cyanosis, and ENTD cardiac arrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTD Tricuspid valve regurgitation ENTDEND  and ENTC lithium carbonate ENTCEND
0	ENTD tricuspid regurgitation ENTDEND  atrial flutter, congestive heart failure, and a high serum ENTC lithium ENTCEND
0	ENTC lithium carbonate ENTCEND ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  in a newborn infant.A newborn with massive tricuspid regurgitation, atrial flutter, congestive heart failure, and a high serum ENTC lithium ENTCEND
0	ENTC lithium carbonate ENTCEND  toxicity in a newborn infant.A newborn with massive tricuspid regurgitation, ENTD atrial flutter ENTDEND
0	ENTD atrial flutter ENTDEND  congestive heart failure, and a high serum ENTC lithium ENTCEND
1	ENTC Lithium carbonate ENTCEND may be a factor in the increasing incidence of congenital heart disease when taken during early pregnancy. It also causes neurologic depression, ENTD cyanosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC lithium ENTCEND compounds in the first trimester of pregnancy. Sixty-three percent of these infants had tricuspid valve involvement. Lithium carbonate may be a factor in the increasing incidence of congenital heart disease when taken during early pregnancy. It also causes neurologic depression, ENTD cyanosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC lithium carbonate ENTCEND  toxicity in a newborn infant.A newborn with massive tricuspid regurgitation, atrial flutter, ENTD congestive heart failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD congestive heart failure ENTDEND  and a high serum ENTC lithium ENTCEND
0	ENTC Lithium carbonate ENTCEND may be a factor in the increasing incidence of ENTD congenital heart disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac disease ENTDEND among infants exposed to ENTC lithium ENTCEND
1	ENTC Lithium carbonate ENTCEND may be a factor in the increasing incidence of congenital heart disease when taken during early pregnancy. It also causes ENTD neurologic depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC lithium ENTCEND compounds in the first trimester of pregnancy. Sixty-three percent of these infants had tricuspid valve involvement. Lithium carbonate may be a factor in the increasing incidence of congenital heart disease when taken during early pregnancy. It also causes ENTD neurologic depression ENTDEND
0	ENTD PD ENTDEND treated with saline, L-DOPA or ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND
0	ENTC 6-hydroxydopamine ENTCEND lesion rat model of ENTD PD ENTDEND
0	ENTD PD ENTDEND treated with saline, ENTC L-DOPA ENTCEND
0	ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND using two-dimensional difference gel electrophoresis and mass spectrometry (MS). Rats treated with L-DOPA were allocated to two groups based on the presence or absence of ENTD LID ENTDEND
0	ENTD LID ENTDEND [Neurobiol. Dis., 17 (2004), 219] but information regarding the proteome is still lacking. In the present study, we investigated the changes occurring at the protein level in striatal samples obtained from the unilaterally ENTC 6-hydroxydopamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD dyskinesia ENTDEND . ENTC L-DOPA ENTCEND
0	ENTC MSH ENTCEND /ACTH) stimulation of the rat locus ceruleus.The movement disorder investigated in these studies has some features in common with human idiopathic dystonia, and information obtained in these studies may be of potential clinical benefit. The present experimental results indicated that peptidergic stimulation of the LC resulted in a NE-mediated inhibition of cerebellar Purkinje cells located at terminals of the ceruleo-cerebellar pathway. However, it is not certain as to the following: (a) what receptors were stimulated by the ACTH N-terminal fragments at the LC that resulted in this disorder; (b) whether NE, released onto Purkinje cell synapses located at terminals of the ceruleo-cerebellar pathway, did indeed cause the long-term ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC ACTH ENTCEND N-terminal fragments at the LC that resulted in this disorder; (b) whether NE, released onto Purkinje cell synapses located at terminals of the ceruleo-cerebellar pathway, did indeed cause the long-term ENTD depression ENTDEND
1	ENTD dystonia ENTDEND -like syndrome after neuropeptide ENTC MSH ENTCEND
1	ENTD dystonia ENTDEND -like syndrome after neuropeptide (MSH ENTC ACTH ENTCEND
0	ENTC MSH ENTCEND /ACTH) stimulation of the rat locus ceruleus.The ENTD movement disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTC ACTH ENTCEND ) stimulation of the rat locus ceruleus.The ENTD movement disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  lowered plasma ENTC MDA ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND is, in part, due to depressed ENTC NO ENTCEND
0	ENTC Vitamin E ENTCEND supplementation ameliorated ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND .We recently showed elevated reactive ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND is, in part, due to depressed NO synthase (NOS) expression. Male Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly assigned to a lead-treated group (given ENTC lead acetate ENTCEND
0	ENTC nitrotyrosine ENTCEND in various tissues in rats with lead-induced ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
1	ENTC lead ENTCEND -induced ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD major depression ENTDEND took an overdose of ENTC venlafaxine ENTCEND
1	ENTD Seizure ENTDEND  resulting from a ENTC venlafaxine ENTCEND
1	ENTC venlafaxine ENTCEND ENTD overdose ENTDEND
1	ENTC Verapamil ENTCEND  withdrawal as a possible cause of ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND coincided with the introduction of ENTC captopril ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND coincided with the introduction of captopril and the withdrawal of verapamil in a previously asymptomatic woman with severe hypertension. Possible mechanisms that involve a verapamil-related increase in platelet and/or vascular alpha 2-adrenoreceptor affinity for ENTC catecholamines ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  Possible mechanisms that involve a ENTC verapamil ENTCEND
0	ENTC captopril ENTCEND and the withdrawal of verapamil in a previously asymptomatic woman with severe ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  Possible mechanisms that involve a verapamil-related increase in platelet and/or vascular alpha 2-adrenoreceptor affinity for ENTC catecholamines ENTCEND
0	ENTC Verapamil ENTCEND is an effective and relatively-safe antihypertensive drug. Serious adverse effects are uncommon and mainly have been related to the ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND of cardiac contractility and conduction, especially when the drug is combined with beta-blocking agents. We report a case in which myocardial infarction coincided with the introduction of ENTC captopril ENTCEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND of cardiac contractility and conduction, especially when the drug is combined with beta-blocking agents. We report a case in which myocardial infarction coincided with the introduction of captopril and the withdrawal of verapamil in a previously asymptomatic woman with severe hypertension. Possible mechanisms that involve a verapamil-related increase in platelet and/or vascular alpha 2-adrenoreceptor affinity for ENTC catecholamines ENTCEND
1	ENTD polymyositis ENTDEND while receiving ENTC D-penicillamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD dermatomyositis ENTDEND can develop as one of the autoimmune complications of ENTC D-penicillamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC D-penicillamine ENTCEND has been used for many ENTD rheumatologic diseases ENTDEND
0	ENTC D-penicillamine ENTCEND has been used for many rheumatologic diseases, ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD primary biliary cirrhosis ENTDEND  treated with ENTC D-penicillamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC nifedipine ENTCEND  These data suggest that coronary spasm may be the cause of ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND due to 5-FU, and that ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD metastasis ENTDEND who presented chest pain after 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) administration. Clinical electrocardiographic evolution was similar to that observed in Prinzmetal's angina, and chest pain promptly resolved with ENTC nifedipine ENTCEND
0	ENTD metastasis ENTDEND who presented chest pain after ENTC 5-fluorouracil ENTCEND
0	ENTD metastasis ENTDEND who presented chest pain after 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) administration. Clinical electrocardiographic evolution was similar to that observed in Prinzmetal's angina, and chest pain promptly resolved with nifedipine. These data suggest that coronary spasm may be the cause of cardiotoxicity due to 5-FU, and that ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD colon carcinoma ENTDEND and liver metastasis who presented chest pain after 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) administration. Clinical electrocardiographic evolution was similar to that observed in Prinzmetal's angina, and chest pain promptly resolved with ENTC nifedipine ENTCEND
0	ENTD colon carcinoma ENTDEND and liver metastasis who presented chest pain after ENTC 5-fluorouracil ENTCEND
0	ENTD colon carcinoma ENTDEND and liver metastasis who presented chest pain after 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) administration. Clinical electrocardiographic evolution was similar to that observed in Prinzmetal's angina, and chest pain promptly resolved with nifedipine. These data suggest that coronary spasm may be the cause of cardiotoxicity due to 5-FU, and that ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD Prinzmetal's angina ENTDEND  and chest pain promptly resolved with ENTC nifedipine ENTCEND
1	ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND  administration. Clinical electrocardiographic evolution was similar to that observed in ENTD Prinzmetal's angina ENTDEND
0	ENTD Prinzmetal's angina ENTDEND  and chest pain promptly resolved with nifedipine. These data suggest that coronary spasm may be the cause of cardiotoxicity due to 5-FU, and that ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD angina ENTDEND .We report a case of a patient with colon carcinoma and liver metastasis who presented chest pain after 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) administration. Clinical electrocardiographic evolution was similar to that observed in Prinzmetal's angina, and chest pain promptly resolved with ENTC nifedipine ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-fluorouracil ENTCEND . Report of a case of spontaneous ENTD angina ENTDEND
0	ENTD angina ENTDEND .We report a case of a patient with colon carcinoma and liver metastasis who presented chest pain after 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) administration. Clinical electrocardiographic evolution was similar to that observed in Prinzmetal's angina, and chest pain promptly resolved with nifedipine. These data suggest that coronary spasm may be the cause of cardiotoxicity due to 5-FU, and that ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD chest pain ENTDEND promptly resolved with ENTC nifedipine ENTCEND
1	ENTD chest pain ENTDEND after ENTC 5-fluorouracil ENTCEND
0	ENTD chest pain ENTDEND promptly resolved with nifedipine. These data suggest that coronary spasm may be the cause of cardiotoxicity due to 5-FU, and that ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC nifedipine ENTCEND  These data suggest that ENTD coronary spasm ENTDEND
0	ENTD coronary spasm ENTDEND may be the cause of cardiotoxicity due to ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND
0	ENTD coronary spasm ENTDEND may be the cause of cardiotoxicity due to 5-FU, and that ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC oral contraceptives ENTCEND to changes in hematologic parameters. Significant increases in certain factors of the blood coagulation and fibrinolysin systems (factors I,II,VII,VIII,IX, and X and plasminogen) were observed in the treated groups. Severe complications developed in four patients. All four had an abnormal blood coagulation profile, suggesting " ENTD hypercoagulability ENTDEND
0	ENTD Thromboembolic ENTDEND  and other complications of ENTC oral contraceptive ENTCEND
1	ENTD thrombophlebitis ENTDEND 14 days after initiation of contraceptive therapy. All four patients were of the A or AB blood group. Previous studies suggested the possiblility of increased propensity for thromboembolic episodes in patients possessing the A antigen. It appears from these data that hematologic work-ups may be useful in women who are about to start long-term ENTC oral contraceptive ENTCEND
1	ENTC oral contraceptives ENTCEND to changes in hematologic parameters. Significant increases in certain factors of the blood coagulation and fibrinolysin systems (factors I,II,VII,VIII,IX, and X and plasminogen) were observed in the treated groups. Severe complications developed in four patients. All four had an abnormal blood coagulation profile, suggesting "hypercoagulability" before initiation of therapy. Some of these findings represented the most extreme abnormalities seen in the entire group of patients; some increased further during therapy. One of these patients developed a ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
1	ENTD blood coagulation ENTDEND . VII. Thromboembolic and other complications of ENTC oral contraceptive ENTCEND
1	ENTD retinopathy ENTDEND 19 months after she began therapy, and another developed thrombophlebitis after 27 months of therapy. The fourth patient developed thrombophlebitis 14 days after initiation of contraceptive therapy. All four patients were of the A or AB blood group. Previous studies suggested the possiblility of increased propensity for thromboembolic episodes in patients possessing the A antigen. It appears from these data that hematologic work-ups may be useful in women who are about to start long-term ENTC oral contraceptive ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypercalcaemia ENTDEND and two of recurrent nephrolithiasis are reported in patients who had regularly consumed large amounts of calcium carbon-ate- ENTC sodium bicarbonate ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypercalcaemia ENTDEND and two of recurrent nephrolithiasis are reported in patients who had regularly consumed large amounts of ENTC calcium carbon-ate ENTCEND
1	ENTD nephrolithiasis ENTDEND are reported in patients who had regularly consumed large amounts of calcium carbon-ate- ENTC sodium bicarbonate ENTCEND
1	ENTD nephrolithiasis ENTDEND are reported in patients who had regularly consumed large amounts of ENTC calcium carbon-ate ENTCEND
0	ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND emergency service with a diagnosis of amphetamine- or ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC catecholamines ENTCEND  and psychotic symptoms, nineteen patients in a ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND
0	ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND emergency service with a diagnosis of amphetamine- or cocaine-induced psychosis were interviewed, and plasma and urine were collected for quantitative assays of stimulant drug and catecholamine metabolite levels. ENTC Methamphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND emergency service with a diagnosis of ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD hyperkinesia ENTDEND .To examine the relationship between quantitative stimulant drug levels, catecholamines, and psychotic symptoms, nineteen patients in a psychiatric emergency service with a diagnosis of amphetamine- or ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC catecholamines ENTCEND  and ENTD hyperkinesia ENTDEND
1	ENTC Methamphetamine ENTCEND or amphetamine levels were related to several psychopathology scores and the global ENTD hyperkinesia ENTDEND
1	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND levels were related to several psychopathology scores and the global ENTD hyperkinesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND induced psychosis were interviewed, and plasma and urine were collected for quantitative assays of stimulant drug and catecholamine metabolite levels. Methamphetamine or amphetamine levels were related to several psychopathology scores and the global hyperkinesia rating. HVA levels were related to global hyperkinesia but not to psychopathology ratings. Although many other factors such as sensitization may play a role, intensity of stimulant-induced psychotic symptoms and ENTD stereotypies ENTDEND
0	ENTC catecholamine ENTCEND metabolite levels. Methamphetamine or amphetamine levels were related to several psychopathology scores and the global hyperkinesia rating. HVA levels were related to global hyperkinesia but not to psychopathology ratings. Although many other factors such as sensitization may play a role, intensity of stimulant-induced psychotic symptoms and ENTD stereotypies ENTDEND
0	ENTC Methamphetamine ENTCEND or amphetamine levels were related to several psychopathology scores and the global hyperkinesia rating. HVA levels were related to global hyperkinesia but not to psychopathology ratings. Although many other factors such as sensitization may play a role, intensity of stimulant-induced psychotic symptoms and ENTD stereotypies ENTDEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND levels were related to several psychopathology scores and the global hyperkinesia rating. HVA levels were related to global hyperkinesia but not to psychopathology ratings. Although many other factors such as sensitization may play a role, intensity of stimulant-induced psychotic symptoms and ENTD stereotypies ENTDEND
1	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND induced ENTD psychosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC catecholamines ENTCEND  and ENTD psychotic symptoms ENTDEND
1	ENTD psychosis ENTDEND were interviewed, and plasma and urine were collected for quantitative assays of stimulant drug and catecholamine metabolite levels. ENTC Methamphetamine ENTCEND
1	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND  or cocaine-induced ENTD psychosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC 5-HT ENTCEND 2A receptors (Ki=180 nM) and rat alpha1 adrenoceptor (Ki=237 nM). NRA0160 and clozapine antagonized locomotor ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
1	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND induced by ENTC methamphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND induced by methamphetamine (MAP) in mice. NRA0160 and clozapine antagonized MAP-induced stereotyped behavior in mice, although their effects did not exceed 50% inhibition, even at the highest dose given. NRA0160 and clozapine significantly induced catalepsy in rats, although their effects did not exceed 50% induction even at the highest dose given. NRA0160 and clozapine significantly reversed the disruption of prepulse inhibition (PPI) in rats produced by apomorphine. NRA0160 and clozapine significantly shortened the ENTC phencyclidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC clozapine ENTCEND antagonized locomotor ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC NRA0160 ENTCEND and clozapine antagonized locomotor ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND D3 receptor (Ki=39 nM), rat serotonin (5-HT)2A receptors (Ki=180 nM) and rat alpha1 adrenoceptor (Ki=237 nM). NRA0160 and clozapine antagonized locomotor ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND induced by methamphetamine (MAP) in mice. NRA0160 and clozapine antagonized MAP-induced stereotyped behavior in mice, although their effects did not exceed 50% inhibition, even at the highest dose given. NRA0160 and clozapine significantly induced catalepsy in rats, although their effects did not exceed 50% induction even at the highest dose given. NRA0160 and clozapine significantly reversed the disruption of prepulse inhibition (PPI) in rats produced by ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-HT ENTCEND 2A receptors (Ki=180 nM) and rat alpha1 adrenoceptor (Ki=237 nM). NRA0160 and clozapine antagonized locomotor hyperactivity induced by methamphetamine (MAP) in mice. NRA0160 and clozapine antagonized MAP-induced stereotyped behavior in mice, although their effects did not exceed 50% inhibition, even at the highest dose given. NRA0160 and clozapine significantly induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC MAP ENTCEND induced stereotyped behavior in mice, although their effects did not exceed 50% inhibition, even at the highest dose given. NRA0160 and clozapine significantly induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND in rats, although their effects did not exceed 50% induction even at the highest dose given. NRA0160 and clozapine significantly reversed the disruption of prepulse inhibition (PPI) in rats produced by apomorphine. NRA0160 and clozapine significantly shortened the ENTC phencyclidine ENTCEND
1	ENTC clozapine ENTCEND significantly induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
1	ENTC NRA0160 ENTCEND and clozapine significantly induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND D3 receptor (Ki=39 nM), rat serotonin (5-HT)2A receptors (Ki=180 nM) and rat alpha1 adrenoceptor (Ki=237 nM). NRA0160 and clozapine antagonized locomotor hyperactivity induced by methamphetamine (MAP) in mice. NRA0160 and clozapine antagonized MAP-induced stereotyped behavior in mice, although their effects did not exceed 50% inhibition, even at the highest dose given. NRA0160 and clozapine significantly induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND in rats, although their effects did not exceed 50% induction even at the highest dose given. NRA0160 and clozapine significantly reversed the disruption of prepulse inhibition (PPI) in rats produced by ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND
1	ENTC D-Penicillamine ENTCEND caused ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal insufficiency ENTDEND  These data suggest that ENTC D-penicillamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD contractures ENTDEND also improved. The dose of ENTC D-penicillamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC D-penicillamine ENTCEND  in the treatment of ENTD localized scleroderma ENTDEND
1	ENTC D-Penicillamine ENTCEND caused nephrotic syndrome in 1 patient and milder reversible ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND who had shown hypokalaemia under prior oral diuretic treatment. Chlorthalidone (50 mg daily) was given for 14 days. Six patients received a normal-sodium diet and four a low-sodium (17 mmol/day) diet. All patients had a normal initial total body potassium (40K). The electrolyte balances, weight, bromide space, plasma renin activity, and ENTC aldosterone ENTCEND
0	ENTC chlorthalidone ENTCEND  administration in patients with essential ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND : the influence of dietary sodium restriction.To investigate the initial ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND : the influence of dietary ENTC sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypokalaemia ENTDEND under prior oral diuretic treatment. Chlorthalidone (50 mg daily) was given for 14 days. Six patients received a normal-sodium diet and four a low-sodium (17 mmol/day) diet. All patients had a normal initial total body potassium (40K). The electrolyte balances, weight, bromide space, plasma renin activity, and ENTC aldosterone ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypokalaemia ENTDEND  during ENTC chlorthalidone ENTCEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND  loss and ENTD hypokalaemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC sodium ENTCEND  restriction.To investigate the initial potassium loss and development of ENTD hypokalaemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC lithium ENTCEND values. Urinary concentration defect appeared frequent but the extent of the impairment is difficult to assess because of the uncertainty about the norms applicable to this group of patients. The concentration defect appeared reversible, at least in part. ENTD Polyuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND  RESULTS: Forty-two patients completed the study, 22 in Group A and 20 in Group B. BUN and creatinine increased by > 50% of baseline levels in 54 and 45% of Group A patients, respectively, compared to only 20 and 10% of Group B patients (p < 0.05). ENTC Potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND  RESULTS: Forty-two patients completed the study, 22 in Group A and 20 in Group B. BUN and ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTC misoprostol ENTCEND can minimize this renal impairment without affecting ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC indomethacin ENTCEND related renal dysfunction. Addition of misoprostol can minimize this renal impairment without affecting ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND  RESULTS: Forty-two patients completed the study, 22 in Group A and 20 in Group B. ENTC BUN ENTCEND
0	ENTC K ENTCEND were reduced by 63, 80, and 42%, respectively, in Group B patients compared to Group A. Response to treatment did not differ significantly between the 2 groups. CONCLUSION: Hospitalized elderly patients are at risk for developing indomethacin related ENTD renal dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND  and K were reduced by 63, 80, and 42%, respectively, in Group B patients compared to Group A. Response to treatment did not differ significantly between the 2 groups. CONCLUSION: Hospitalized elderly patients are at risk for developing indomethacin related ENTD renal dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal dysfunction ENTDEND  Addition of ENTC misoprostol ENTCEND
1	ENTC indomethacin ENTCEND  induced ENTD renal dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC BUN ENTCEND  creatinine, and K were reduced by 63, 80, and 42%, respectively, in Group B patients compared to Group A. Response to treatment did not differ significantly between the 2 groups. CONCLUSION: Hospitalized elderly patients are at risk for developing indomethacin related ENTD renal dysfunction ENTDEND
1	ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND  but ENTC SRL ENTCEND
1	ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND effect of ENTC CsA ENTCEND
1	ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND effect of CsA plus SRL, whereas ENTC FK506 ENTCEND
0	ENTC SRL ENTCEND combination showed only a marginally higher degree of ENTD fibrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD fibrosis ENTDEND in the cortex stained with Sirius Red. RESULTS: ENTC CsA ENTCEND
0	ENTD fibrosis ENTDEND in the cortex stained with Sirius Red. RESULTS: CsA, ENTC FK506 ENTCEND
0	ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND with extensive hepatocellular necrosis, 7 months after the onset of administration of clotiazepam, a ENTC thienodiazepine ENTCEND
1	ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND between ENTC clotiazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND between clotiazepam and several ENTC benzodiazepines ENTCEND
0	ENTD extensive hepatocellular necrosis ENTDEND  7 months after the onset of administration of clotiazepam, a ENTC thienodiazepine ENTCEND
0	ENTD extensive hepatocellular necrosis ENTDEND  7 months after the onset of administration of ENTC clotiazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTD extensive hepatocellular necrosis ENTDEND  7 months after the onset of administration of clotiazepam, a thienodiazepine derivative. Clotiazepam withdrawal was followed by prompt recovery. The administration of several ENTC benzodiazepines ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND in the rat model. ENTC Gentamicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC amphothericin B ENTCEND and ketoconazole, which are frequently used in immunosuppressed patients, did not aggravate the CSA induced ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC CSA ENTCEND induced ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC ketoconazole ENTCEND  which are frequently used in immunosuppressed patients, did not aggravate the CSA induced ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND potential, such as ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND potential, such as gentamicin (at therapeutic doses), ENTC amphothericin B ENTCEND
1	ENTC CSA ENTCEND ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND potential, such as gentamicin (at therapeutic doses), amphothericin B and ENTC ketoconazole ENTCEND
0	ENTC ND-NMBA ENTCEND  and muscle (most likely due to corticosteroids). ENTD Hepatic dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC vecuronium ENTCEND level measured in 1 patient 14 days after the drug had been discontinued was 172 ng/mL. A muscle biopsy in this patient showed loss of thick, myosin filaments. The weakness in these patients is due to pathology at both the neuromuscular junction (most likely due to ND-NMBA) and muscle (most likely due to corticosteroids). ENTD Hepatic dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND . ENTD Hepatic dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC ND-NMBA ENTCEND  and muscle (most likely due to corticosteroids). Hepatic dysfunction and ENTD acidosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD acidosis ENTDEND  Electrophysiologic studies revealed low amplitude compound motor action potentials, normal sensory studies, and fibrillations. Repetitive stimulation at 2 Hz showed a decremental response in 2 patients. The serum ENTC vecuronium ENTCEND
0	ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND . Hepatic dysfunction and ENTD acidosis ENTDEND
1	ENTD weakness ENTDEND following the discontinuation of ENTC ND-NMBAs ENTCEND
0	ENTC vecuronium ENTCEND level measured in 1 patient 14 days after the drug had been discontinued was 172 ng/mL. A muscle biopsy in this patient showed loss of thick, myosin filaments. The ENTD weakness ENTDEND
0	ENTD weakness ENTDEND following the discontinuation of ND-NMBAs. Two patients also received intravenous ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD respiratory insufficiency ENTDEND who developed prolonged weakness following the discontinuation of ENTC ND-NMBAs ENTCEND
0	ENTD respiratory insufficiency ENTDEND who developed prolonged weakness following the discontinuation of ND-NMBAs. Two patients also received intravenous corticosteroids. Renal function was normal but hepatic function was impaired in all patients, and all had acidosis. Electrophysiologic studies revealed low amplitude compound motor action potentials, normal sensory studies, and fibrillations. Repetitive stimulation at 2 Hz showed a decremental response in 2 patients. The serum ENTC vecuronium ENTCEND
0	ENTD respiratory insufficiency ENTDEND who developed prolonged weakness following the discontinuation of ND-NMBAs. Two patients also received intravenous ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD loss of thick, myosin filaments ENTDEND  The weakness in these patients is due to pathology at both the neuromuscular junction (most likely due to ENTC ND-NMBA ENTCEND
0	ENTC vecuronium ENTCEND level measured in 1 patient 14 days after the drug had been discontinued was 172 ng/mL. A muscle biopsy in this patient showed ENTD loss of thick, myosin filaments ENTDEND
1	ENTD loss of thick, myosin filaments ENTDEND  The weakness in these patients is due to pathology at both the neuromuscular junction (most likely due to ND-NMBA) and muscle (most likely due to ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND
1	ENTD pathology at both the neuromuscular junction ENTDEND (most likely due to ENTC ND-NMBA ENTCEND
0	ENTC vecuronium ENTCEND level measured in 1 patient 14 days after the drug had been discontinued was 172 ng/mL. A muscle biopsy in this patient showed loss of thick, myosin filaments. The weakness in these patients is due to ENTD pathology at both the neuromuscular junction ENTDEND
0	ENTD pathology at both the neuromuscular junction ENTDEND (most likely due to ND-NMBA) and muscle (most likely due to ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD paralysis ENTDEND  due to ENTC nondepolarizing neuromuscular blocking agents ENTCEND
0	ENTD paralysis ENTDEND  due to nondepolarizing neuromuscular blocking agents and ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND  It seems that combined treatment of fluvoxamine with ENTC phenothiazines ENTCEND
1	ENTC fluvoxamine ENTCEND treatment-induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
1	ENTD Seizures ENTDEND  induced by combined ENTC levomepromazine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Papillomas ENTDEND of the transitional epithelium of the bladder developed in all ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND
1	ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND  of ENTD bladder and liver tumours ENTDEND
0	ENTD tumours ENTDEND at various other sites also arose following ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND
1	ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND treated rats developed ENTD hyperplasia ENTDEND
0	ENTD bladder calculi ENTDEND  A low yield of tumours at various other sites also arose following ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND
1	ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND  of ENTD bladder and liver tumours ENTDEND
1	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND induced ENTD rotation ENTDEND
0	ENTC 6-OHDA ENTCEND induced SN lesion, a transient period of ENTD contralateral rotation ENTDEND
0	ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND is the standard prophylaxis for graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT). Everolimus, a derivative of sirolimus, seems to mediate antileukemia effects. We report on a combination of everolimus and tacrolimus in 24 patients (median age, 62 years) with either ENTD myelodysplastic syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND in 24 patients (median age, 62 years) with either ENTD myelodysplastic syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND  seems to mediate antileukemia effects. We report on a combination of everolimus and tacrolimus in 24 patients (median age, 62 years) with either ENTD myelodysplastic syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC everolimus ENTCEND and tacrolimus in 24 patients (median age, 62 years) with either ENTD myelodysplastic syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTD sinusoidal obstruction syndrome ENTDEND  and microangiopathy: results of the EVTAC trial.A calcineurin inhibitor combined with ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
1	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND  is associated with a high incidence of ENTD sinusoidal obstruction syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTD sinusoidal obstruction syndrome ENTDEND  and microangiopathy: results of the EVTAC trial.A calcineurin inhibitor combined with methotrexate is the standard prophylaxis for graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT). Everolimus, a derivative of ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND
1	ENTC everolimus ENTCEND  and tacrolimus is associated with a high incidence of ENTD sinusoidal obstruction syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTD microangiopathy ENTDEND : results of the EVTAC trial.A calcineurin inhibitor combined with ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
1	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND  is associated with a high incidence of sinusoidal obstruction syndrome and ENTD microangiopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD microangiopathy ENTDEND : results of the EVTAC trial.A calcineurin inhibitor combined with methotrexate is the standard prophylaxis for graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT). Everolimus, a derivative of ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND
1	ENTC everolimus ENTCEND  and tacrolimus is associated with a high incidence of sinusoidal obstruction syndrome and ENTD microangiopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND is the standard prophylaxis for ENTD graft-versus-host disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD Graft-versus-host disease ENTDEND  prophylaxis with everolimus and ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD GVHD ENTDEND  after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT). Everolimus, a derivative of ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD Graft-versus-host disease ENTDEND  prophylaxis with ENTC everolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND is the standard prophylaxis for graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT). Everolimus, a derivative of sirolimus, seems to mediate antileukemia effects. We report on a combination of everolimus and tacrolimus in 24 patients (median age, 62 years) with either myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS; n = 17) or acute myeloid leukemia (AML; n = 7) undergoing intensive conditioning followed by HSCT from related (n = 4) or unrelated (n = 20) donors. All patients engrafted, and only 1 patient experienced grade IV ENTD mucositis ENTDEND
0	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND in 24 patients (median age, 62 years) with either myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS; n = 17) or acute myeloid leukemia (AML; n = 7) undergoing intensive conditioning followed by HSCT from related (n = 4) or unrelated (n = 20) donors. All patients engrafted, and only 1 patient experienced grade IV ENTD mucositis ENTDEND
0	ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND  seems to mediate antileukemia effects. We report on a combination of everolimus and tacrolimus in 24 patients (median age, 62 years) with either myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS; n = 17) or acute myeloid leukemia (AML; n = 7) undergoing intensive conditioning followed by HSCT from related (n = 4) or unrelated (n = 20) donors. All patients engrafted, and only 1 patient experienced grade IV ENTD mucositis ENTDEND
0	ENTC everolimus ENTCEND and tacrolimus in 24 patients (median age, 62 years) with either myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS; n = 17) or acute myeloid leukemia (AML; n = 7) undergoing intensive conditioning followed by HSCT from related (n = 4) or unrelated (n = 20) donors. All patients engrafted, and only 1 patient experienced grade IV ENTD mucositis ENTDEND
0	ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND is the standard prophylaxis for graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT). Everolimus, a derivative of sirolimus, seems to mediate antileukemia effects. We report on a combination of everolimus and tacrolimus in 24 patients (median age, 62 years) with either myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS; n = 17) or ENTD acute myeloid leukemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND in 24 patients (median age, 62 years) with either myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS; n = 17) or ENTD acute myeloid leukemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND  seems to mediate antileukemia effects. We report on a combination of everolimus and tacrolimus in 24 patients (median age, 62 years) with either myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS; n = 17) or ENTD acute myeloid leukemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC everolimus ENTCEND and tacrolimus in 24 patients (median age, 62 years) with either myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS; n = 17) or ENTD acute myeloid leukemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND is the standard prophylaxis for graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT). Everolimus, a derivative of sirolimus, seems to mediate antileukemia effects. We report on a combination of everolimus and tacrolimus in 24 patients (median age, 62 years) with either myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS; n = 17) or acute myeloid leukemia (AML; n = 7) undergoing intensive conditioning followed by HSCT from related (n = 4) or unrelated (n = 20) donors. All patients engrafted, and only 1 patient experienced grade IV mucositis. Nine patients (37%) developed acute grade II-IV GVHD, and 11 of 17 evaluable patients (64%) developed chronic extensive GVHD. Transplantation-associated microangiopathy (TMA) occurred in 7 patients (29%), with 2 cases of ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND
1	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND in 24 patients (median age, 62 years) with either myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS; n = 17) or acute myeloid leukemia (AML; n = 7) undergoing intensive conditioning followed by HSCT from related (n = 4) or unrelated (n = 20) donors. All patients engrafted, and only 1 patient experienced grade IV mucositis. Nine patients (37%) developed acute grade II-IV GVHD, and 11 of 17 evaluable patients (64%) developed chronic extensive GVHD. Transplantation-associated microangiopathy (TMA) occurred in 7 patients (29%), with 2 cases of ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND  seems to mediate antileukemia effects. We report on a combination of everolimus and tacrolimus in 24 patients (median age, 62 years) with either myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS; n = 17) or acute myeloid leukemia (AML; n = 7) undergoing intensive conditioning followed by HSCT from related (n = 4) or unrelated (n = 20) donors. All patients engrafted, and only 1 patient experienced grade IV mucositis. Nine patients (37%) developed acute grade II-IV GVHD, and 11 of 17 evaluable patients (64%) developed chronic extensive GVHD. Transplantation-associated microangiopathy (TMA) occurred in 7 patients (29%), with 2 cases of ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND
1	ENTC everolimus ENTCEND and tacrolimus in 24 patients (median age, 62 years) with either myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS; n = 17) or acute myeloid leukemia (AML; n = 7) undergoing intensive conditioning followed by HSCT from related (n = 4) or unrelated (n = 20) donors. All patients engrafted, and only 1 patient experienced grade IV mucositis. Nine patients (37%) developed acute grade II-IV GVHD, and 11 of 17 evaluable patients (64%) developed chronic extensive GVHD. Transplantation-associated microangiopathy (TMA) occurred in 7 patients (29%), with 2 cases of ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND induced damage. Such differential vulnerability appears to be another indication of the heterogeneity of ENTC GABA ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND  In situ hybridization histochemistry, using a ENTC digoxigenin ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND  In situ hybridization histochemistry, using a digoxigenin-labeled GAD cRNA probe, demonstrated a substantial decrease in the number of GAD mRNA-containing neurons in the hilus of the dentate gyrus in the pilocarpine-treated rats as compared to controls at all time intervals. Additional neuronanatomical studies, including ENTC cresyl violet ENTCEND
1	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND -induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND .In situ hybridization methods were used to determine if ENTC glutamic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuronal loss ENTDEND rather than to a decrease in GAD mRNA levels. The loss of GAD mRNA-containing neurons in the hilus contrasted with the relative preservation of labeled putative basket cells along the inner margin of the granule cell layer. Quantitative analyses of labeled neurons in three regions of the dentate gyrus in the 1 and 2 week groups showed statistically significant decreases in the mean number of GAD mRNA-containing neurons in the hilus of both groups of experimental animals. No significant differences were found in the molecular layer or the granule cell layer, which included labeled neurons along the lower margin of the granule cell layer. The results indicate that, in this model, a subpopulation of GAD mRNA-containing neurons within the dentate gyrus is selectively vulnerable to seizure-induced damage. Such differential vulnerability appears to be another indication of the heterogeneity of ENTC GABA ENTCEND
0	ENTC digoxigenin ENTCEND labeled GAD cRNA probe, demonstrated a substantial decrease in the number of GAD mRNA-containing neurons in the hilus of the dentate gyrus in the pilocarpine-treated rats as compared to controls at all time intervals. Additional neuronanatomical studies, including cresyl violet staining, ENTD neuronal degeneration ENTDEND
0	ENTC cresyl violet ENTCEND staining, ENTD neuronal degeneration ENTDEND
1	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND treated rats as compared to controls at all time intervals. Additional neuronanatomical studies, including cresyl violet staining, ENTD neuronal degeneration ENTDEND
0	ENTC glutamic acid ENTCEND decarboxylase (GAD) mRNA-containing neurons within the hilus of the dentate gyrus are vulnerable to seizure-induced damage in a model of chronic seizures. Sprague-Dawley rats were injected intraperitoneally with pilocarpine, and the hippocampal formation was studied histologically at 1, 2, 4, and 8 week intervals after pilocarpine-induced seizures. In situ hybridization histochemistry, using a digoxigenin-labeled GAD cRNA probe, demonstrated a substantial decrease in the number of GAD mRNA-containing neurons in the hilus of the dentate gyrus in the pilocarpine-treated rats as compared to controls at all time intervals. Additional neuronanatomical studies, including cresyl violet staining, ENTD neuronal degeneration ENTDEND
0	ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND  However, the long-term use of this ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND has provided important information to understand the effect of specific receptor and post-receptor molecular mechanisms underlying the development of dyskinetic movements. Recent preclinical and clinical data from promising lines of research focus on the differential role of presynaptic versus postsynaptic mechanisms, dopamine receptor subtypes, ionotropic and metabotropic ENTC glutamate ENTCEND
0	ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND : filling the bench-to-bedside gap. ENTC Levodopa ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND precursor is complicated by highly disabling fluctuations and ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND
0	ENTC glutamate ENTCEND receptors, and non-dopaminergic neurotransmitter systems in the pathophysiology of levodopa-induced ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND
1	ENTC Levodopa ENTCEND -induced ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND
1	ENTD dry mouth ENTDEND  The SF-36 scores changed significantly in the domains of physical functioning, role function emotional, social function and mental heath. CONCLUSION: ENTC Tolterodine ENTCEND
0	ENTD OAB ENTDEND  after ENTC tolterodine ENTCEND
1	ENTD Ventricular fibrillation ENTDEND  from diatrizoate with and without chelating agents.The toxicity of ENTC Renografin 76% ENTCEND
1	ENTC calcium disodium edetate ENTCEND and no sodium citrate. ENTD Ventricular fibrillation ENTDEND
0	ENTD Ventricular fibrillation ENTDEND occurred significantly more often with ENTC Renografin ENTCEND
0	ENTD Ventricular fibrillation ENTDEND  from ENTC diatrizoate ENTCEND
1	ENTC sodium citrate ENTCEND  ENTD Ventricular fibrillation ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of ENTC Renografin 76% ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium disodium edetate ENTCEND and no sodium citrate. Ventricular fibrillation occurred significantly more often with Renografin, suggesting that chelating agents contribute to ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC Renografin ENTCEND  suggesting that chelating agents contribute to ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC diatrizoate ENTCEND  with and without chelating agents.The ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC sodium citrate ENTCEND  Ventricular fibrillation occurred significantly more often with Renografin, suggesting that chelating agents contribute to ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC D-penicillamine ENTCEND -induced ENTD angiopathy ENTDEND
1	ENTD incontinence ENTDEND secondary to the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND
0	ENTD incontinence ENTDEND secondary to the selective ENTC serotonin ENTCEND
1	ENTC Serotonergic antidepressants ENTCEND  and ENTD urinary incontinence ENTDEND
1	ENTC lithium carbonate ENTCEND and beta-blockers, both of which could have contributed to the ENTD incontinence ENTDEND
1	ENTD incontinence ENTDEND while taking ENTC venlafaxine ENTCEND
1	ENTD incontinence ENTDEND secondary to the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors paroxetine and ENTC sertraline ENTCEND
0	ENTC cholesteryl hemisuccinate ENTCEND  tris salt (CS) administration has also been shown to protect rats from the ENTD hepatotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTD hepatotoxic ENTDEND effects of carbon tetrachloride (CCl4). To further our understanding of the mechanism of CS cytoprotection, we examined in rats and mice the protective abilities of CS and the non-hydrolyzable ether form of CS, ENTC gamma-cholesteryloxybutyric acid ENTCEND
1	ENTD hepatotoxic ENTDEND effects of CCl4, CHCl3, ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND
1	ENTD hepatotoxic ENTDEND effects of CCl4, ENTC CHCl3 ENTCEND
0	ENTD hepatotoxic ENTDEND effects of CCl4, CHCl3, acetaminophen and galactosamine and against the lethal (and presumably cardiotoxic) effect of ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND
1	ENTD hepatotoxic ENTDEND effects of ENTC CCl4 ENTCEND
1	ENTC galactosamine ENTCEND ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC cholesteryl hemisuccinate ENTCEND  tris salt (CS) administration has also been shown to protect rats from the hepatotoxic effects of carbon tetrachloride (CCl4). To further our understanding of the mechanism of CS cytoprotection, we examined in rats and mice the protective abilities of CS and the non-hydrolyzable ether form of CS, gamma-cholesteryloxybutyric acid, tris salt (CSE) against acetaminophen-, adriamycin-, carbon tetrachloride-, chloroform- and galactosamine-induced ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC gamma-cholesteryloxybutyric acid ENTCEND  tris salt (CSE) against acetaminophen-, adriamycin-, carbon tetrachloride-, chloroform- and galactosamine-induced ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND , adriamycin-, carbon tetrachloride-, chloroform- and galactosamine-induced ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC chloroform ENTCEND  and galactosamine-induced ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND , carbon tetrachloride-, chloroform- and galactosamine-induced ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbon tetrachloride ENTCEND , chloroform- and galactosamine-induced ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC galactosamine ENTCEND induced ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC cholesteryl hemisuccinate ENTCEND  tris salt (CS) administration has also been shown to protect rats from the hepatotoxic effects of carbon tetrachloride (CCl4). To further our understanding of the mechanism of CS cytoprotection, we examined in rats and mice the protective abilities of CS and the non-hydrolyzable ether form of CS, gamma-cholesteryloxybutyric acid, tris salt (CSE) against acetaminophen-, adriamycin-, carbon tetrachloride-, chloroform- and galactosamine-induced toxicity. The results of these studies demonstrated that CS-mediated protection is not selective for a particular species, organ system or toxic chemical. A 24-h pretreatment of both rats and mice with a single dose of CS (100mg/kg, i.p.), resulted in significant protection against the hepatotoxic effects of CCl4, CHCl3, acetaminophen and galactosamine and against the lethal (and presumably ENTD cardiotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTC gamma-cholesteryloxybutyric acid ENTCEND  tris salt (CSE) against acetaminophen-, adriamycin-, carbon tetrachloride-, chloroform- and galactosamine-induced toxicity. The results of these studies demonstrated that CS-mediated protection is not selective for a particular species, organ system or toxic chemical. A 24-h pretreatment of both rats and mice with a single dose of CS (100mg/kg, i.p.), resulted in significant protection against the hepatotoxic effects of CCl4, CHCl3, acetaminophen and galactosamine and against the lethal (and presumably ENTD cardiotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND and galactosamine and against the lethal (and presumably ENTD cardiotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTC CHCl3 ENTCEND  acetaminophen and galactosamine and against the lethal (and presumably ENTD cardiotoxic ENTDEND
1	ENTD cardiotoxic ENTDEND  effect of ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND
0	ENTC CCl4 ENTCEND  CHCl3, acetaminophen and galactosamine and against the lethal (and presumably ENTD cardiotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTC galactosamine ENTCEND and against the lethal (and presumably ENTD cardiotoxic ENTDEND
1	ENTD Hepatic veno-occlusive disease ENTDEND  caused by ENTC 6-thioguanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute lymphocytic leukemia ENTDEND after 10 months of maintenance therapy with ENTC 6-thioguanine ENTCEND
0	ENTC 6-thioguanine ENTCEND  Serial liver biopsies showed the development and resolution of intense sinusoidal engorgement. Although this disease was clinically reversible, some subintimal ENTD fibrosis ENTDEND
1	ENTC MK-801 ENTCEND and partially reversed spontaneous ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND of ENTC NMDA ENTCEND
0	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND  and atypical (olanzapine, clozapine and aripiprazole) antipsychotics were effective in all these models of ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
1	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND induced by ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC clozapine ENTCEND and aripiprazole) antipsychotics were effective in all these models of ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC olanzapine ENTCEND  clozapine and aripiprazole) antipsychotics were effective in all these models of ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC glycine ENTCEND (a co-agonist for the NMDA receptor) levels in the synapse. This study aimed at investigating the potential antipsychotic-like properties of SSR103800, with a particular focus on models of ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND induced by amphetamine or naturally observed in ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC aripiprazole ENTCEND  antipsychotics were effective in all these models of ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC glutamate ENTCEND N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor produce schizophrenic-like symptoms in humans has led to the idea of a dysfunctioning of the glutamatergic system via its NMDA receptor. As a result, there is a growing interest in the development of pharmacological agents with potential antipsychotic properties that enhance the activity of the glutamatergic system via a modulation of the NMDA receptor. Among them are glycine transporter-1 (GlyT1) inhibitors such as SSR103800, which indirectly enhance NMDA receptor function by increasing the glycine (a co-agonist for the NMDA receptor) levels in the synapse. This study aimed at investigating the potential antipsychotic-like properties of SSR103800, with a particular focus on models of ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC MK-801 ENTCEND and partially reversed spontaneous hyperactivity of NMDA Nr1(neo-/-) mice. In contrast, SSR103800 failed to affect hyperactivity induced by amphetamine or naturally observed in dopamine transporter (DAT(-/-)) knockout mice (10-30 mg/kg p.o.). Importantly, both classical (haloperidol) and atypical (olanzapine, clozapine and aripiprazole) antipsychotics were effective in all these models of hyperactivity. However, unlike these latter, SSR103800 did not produce ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC NMDA ENTCEND Nr1(neo-/-) mice. In contrast, SSR103800 failed to affect hyperactivity induced by amphetamine or naturally observed in dopamine transporter (DAT(-/-)) knockout mice (10-30 mg/kg p.o.). Importantly, both classical (haloperidol) and atypical (olanzapine, clozapine and aripiprazole) antipsychotics were effective in all these models of hyperactivity. However, unlike these latter, SSR103800 did not produce ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
1	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND  and atypical (olanzapine, clozapine and aripiprazole) antipsychotics were effective in all these models of hyperactivity. However, unlike these latter, SSR103800 did not produce ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND or naturally observed in dopamine transporter (DAT(-/-)) knockout mice (10-30 mg/kg p.o.). Importantly, both classical (haloperidol) and atypical (olanzapine, clozapine and aripiprazole) antipsychotics were effective in all these models of hyperactivity. However, unlike these latter, SSR103800 did not produce ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
1	ENTC clozapine ENTCEND and aripiprazole) antipsychotics were effective in all these models of hyperactivity. However, unlike these latter, SSR103800 did not produce ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
1	ENTC olanzapine ENTCEND  clozapine and aripiprazole) antipsychotics were effective in all these models of hyperactivity. However, unlike these latter, SSR103800 did not produce ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC glycine ENTCEND (a co-agonist for the NMDA receptor) levels in the synapse. This study aimed at investigating the potential antipsychotic-like properties of SSR103800, with a particular focus on models of hyperactivity, involving either drug challenge (ie, amphetamine and MK-801) or transgenic mice (ie, NMDA Nr1(neo-/-) and DAT(-/-)). Results showed that SSR103800 (10-30 mg/kg p.o.) blocked hyperactivity induced by the non-competitive NMDA receptor antagonist, MK-801 and partially reversed spontaneous hyperactivity of NMDA Nr1(neo-/-) mice. In contrast, SSR103800 failed to affect hyperactivity induced by amphetamine or naturally observed in dopamine transporter (DAT(-/-)) knockout mice (10-30 mg/kg p.o.). Importantly, both classical (haloperidol) and atypical (olanzapine, clozapine and aripiprazole) antipsychotics were effective in all these models of hyperactivity. However, unlike these latter, SSR103800 did not produce ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND transporter (DAT(-/-)) knockout mice (10-30 mg/kg p.o.). Importantly, both classical (haloperidol) and atypical (olanzapine, clozapine and aripiprazole) antipsychotics were effective in all these models of hyperactivity. However, unlike these latter, SSR103800 did not produce ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
1	ENTC aripiprazole ENTCEND  antipsychotics were effective in all these models of hyperactivity. However, unlike these latter, SSR103800 did not produce ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND like symptoms in humans has led to the idea of a dysfunctioning of the glutamatergic system via its NMDA receptor. As a result, there is a growing interest in the development of pharmacological agents with potential antipsychotic properties that enhance the activity of the glutamatergic system via a modulation of the NMDA receptor. Among them are glycine transporter-1 (GlyT1) inhibitors such as SSR103800, which indirectly enhance NMDA receptor function by increasing the glycine (a co-agonist for the NMDA receptor) levels in the synapse. This study aimed at investigating the potential antipsychotic-like properties of SSR103800, with a particular focus on models of hyperactivity, involving either drug challenge (ie, amphetamine and ENTC MK-801 ENTCEND
0	ENTC NMDA ENTCEND  receptor produce ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND
0	ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND like symptoms in humans has led to the idea of a dysfunctioning of the glutamatergic system via its NMDA receptor. As a result, there is a growing interest in the development of pharmacological agents with potential antipsychotic properties that enhance the activity of the glutamatergic system via a modulation of the NMDA receptor. Among them are glycine transporter-1 (GlyT1) inhibitors such as SSR103800, which indirectly enhance NMDA receptor function by increasing the glycine (a co-agonist for the NMDA receptor) levels in the synapse. This study aimed at investigating the potential antipsychotic-like properties of SSR103800, with a particular focus on models of hyperactivity, involving either drug challenge (ie, ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC glycine ENTCEND  transporter-1 inhibitor SSR103800 displays a selective and specific antipsychotic-like profile in normal and transgenic mice. ENTD Schizophrenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD Schizophrenia ENTDEND has been initially associated with dysfunction in ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC glutamate ENTCEND N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor produce ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND
0	ENTC MK-801 ENTCEND significantly reduced the number of dark-stained alpha-motoneurons after morphine-induced spastic paraparesis compared with the saline group. These data indicate that IT morphine induces spastic paraparesis with a concomitant increase in CSF glutamate, which is involved in NMDA receptor activation. We suggest that opioids may be neurotoxic in the setting of ENTD spinal cord ischemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC morphine ENTCEND  after a noninjurious interval of ENTD spinal cord ischemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD spinal cord ischemia ENTDEND via ENTC NMDA ENTCEND
0	ENTC glutamate ENTCEND  which is involved in NMDA receptor activation. We suggest that opioids may be neurotoxic in the setting of ENTD spinal cord ischemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC MK-801 ENTCEND significantly reduced the number of dark-stained alpha-motoneurons after morphine-induced spastic paraparesis compared with the saline group. These data indicate that IT morphine induces spastic paraparesis with a concomitant increase in CSF glutamate, which is involved in NMDA receptor activation. We suggest that opioids may be ENTD neurotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTC morphine ENTCEND induces spastic paraparesis with a concomitant increase in CSF glutamate, which is involved in NMDA receptor activation. We suggest that opioids may be ENTD neurotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurotoxic ENTDEND in the setting of spinal cord ischemia via ENTC NMDA ENTCEND
0	ENTC glutamate ENTCEND  which is involved in NMDA receptor activation. We suggest that opioids may be ENTD neurotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTD aortic occlusion ENTDEND for 6 min with a balloon catheter. In a microdialysis study, 10 muL of saline (group C; n = 8) or 30 mug of morphine (group M; n = 8) was injected intrathecally (IT) 0.5 h after reflow, and 30 mug of morphine (group SM; n = 8) or 10 muL of saline (group SC; n = 8) was injected IT 0.5 h after sham operation. Microdialysis samples were collected preischemia, before IT injection, and at 2, 4, 8, 24, and 48 h of reperfusion (after IT injection). Second, we investigated the effect of IT ENTC MK-801 ENTCEND
0	ENTC morphine ENTCEND following a noninjurious interval of ENTD aortic occlusion ENTDEND
0	ENTC NMDA ENTCEND  receptors after neuraxial morphine following a noninjurious interval of ENTD aortic occlusion ENTDEND
0	ENTD aortic occlusion ENTDEND for 6 min with a balloon catheter. In a microdialysis study, 10 muL of saline (group C; n = 8) or 30 mug of morphine (group M; n = 8) was injected intrathecally (IT) 0.5 h after reflow, and 30 mug of morphine (group SM; n = 8) or 10 muL of saline (group SC; n = 8) was injected IT 0.5 h after sham operation. Microdialysis samples were collected preischemia, before IT injection, and at 2, 4, 8, 24, and 48 h of reperfusion (after IT injection). Second, we investigated the effect of IT MK-801 (30 mug) on the histopathologic changes in the spinal cord after morphine-induced spastic paraparesis. After IT morphine, the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) ENTC glutamate ENTCEND
0	ENTC MK-801 ENTCEND (30 mug) on the histopathologic changes in the spinal cord after morphine-induced ENTD spastic paraparesis ENTDEND
1	ENTC morphine ENTCEND induced ENTD spastic paraparesis ENTDEND
0	ENTD spastic paraparesis ENTDEND with a concomitant increase in CSF glutamate, which is involved in ENTC NMDA ENTCEND
0	ENTD spastic paraparesis ENTDEND with a concomitant increase in CSF ENTC glutamate ENTCEND
1	ENTC sumatriptan ENTCEND . ENTD Atypical sensations ENTDEND
0	ENTC sumatriptan ENTCEND are common, but of uncertain origin. They are almost always benign, but can be mistaken for a serious adverse event by the patient. Two patients are presented with tingling or burning sensations limited to areas of heat exposure or ENTD sunburn ENTDEND
0	ENTC Doxorubicin ENTCEND is an anti- ENTD tumor ENTDEND
1	ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND induced apoptosis and reduces the extent of acute ENTD heart failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC tobramicyn ENTCEND on steady-state serum concentrations and ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND was observed in 73% of patients in OD versus 57% of patients in TD, without evidence of ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND  In TD group, three patients developed decreased auditory function, of which one presented with an auditory loss of -30 dB, whereas in the OD group only one patient presented decreased auditory function. CONCLUSION: This small study suggests that a once-daily dosing regimen of ENTC tobramycin ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND was observed in 73% of patients in OD versus 57% of patients in TD, without evidence of nephrotoxicity. In TD group, three patients developed ENTD decreased auditory function ENTDEND
1	ENTD decreased auditory function ENTDEND  CONCLUSION: This small study suggests that a once-daily dosing regimen of ENTC tobramycin ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  We investigate whether abnormalities in L-arginine uptake contribute to this deficiency. Eight healthy men were recruited. ENTC Hydrocortisone acetate ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND .A deficient L-arginine- ENTC nitric oxide ENTCEND
0	ENTC cortisol ENTCEND -induced ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND .A deficient ENTC L-arginine ENTCEND
1	ENTC terbutaline ENTCEND induced ENTD hypokalemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC sparteine ENTCEND type. The two metabolic phenotypes, extensive (EM) and poor metabolizers (PM), show different stereoselective metabolism, resulting in apparently higher beta-1 adrenoceptor antagonistic potency of racemic metoprolol in EMs. We investigated if the latter also applies to the beta-2 adrenoceptor antagonism by metoprolol. The drug effect studied was the antagonism by metoprolol of terbutaline-induced ENTD hypokalemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC debrisoquine ENTCEND sparteine type. The two metabolic phenotypes, extensive (EM) and poor metabolizers (PM), show different stereoselective metabolism, resulting in apparently higher beta-1 adrenoceptor antagonistic potency of racemic metoprolol in EMs. We investigated if the latter also applies to the beta-2 adrenoceptor antagonism by metoprolol. The drug effect studied was the antagonism by metoprolol of terbutaline-induced ENTD hypokalemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypokalemia ENTDEND  By using pharmacokinetic pharmacodynamic modeling the pharmacodynamics of racemic metoprolol and the active S-isomer, were quantitated in EMs and PMs in terms of IC50 values, representing metoprolol plasma concentrations resulting in half-maximum receptor occupancy. Six EMs received 0.5 mg of terbutaline s.c. on two different occasions: 1) 1 hr after administration of a placebo and 2) 1 hr after 150 mg of metoprolol p.o. Five PMs were studied according to the same protocol, except for a higher terbutaline dose (0.75 mg) on day 2. Blood samples for the analysis of plasma ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypokalemia ENTDEND  By using pharmacokinetic pharmacodynamic modeling the pharmacodynamics of racemic metoprolol and the active S-isomer, were quantitated in EMs and PMs in terms of IC50 values, representing metoprolol plasma concentrations resulting in half-maximum receptor occupancy. Six EMs received 0.5 mg of terbutaline s.c. on two different occasions: 1) 1 hr after administration of a placebo and 2) 1 hr after 150 mg of metoprolol p.o. Five PMs were studied according to the same protocol, except for a higher terbutaline dose (0.75 mg) on day 2. Blood samples for the analysis of plasma potassium, terbutaline, metoprolol (racemic, R- and S-isomer), and ENTC alpha-hydroxymetoprolol ENTCEND
0	ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND of terbutaline-induced ENTD hypokalemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND  in ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND induced ballistic and choreic dyskinesia in ENTD PD ENTDEND
0	ENTD dyskinesia ENTDEND  by ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
1	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND -induced ENTD dyskinesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND as an adjunct to the currently used medical treatment. There was a significant 40% improvement in the dyskinesia score without increase of parkinsonian motor disability. Ballistic and choreic dyskinesia were markedly ameliorated, whereas ENTD dystonia ENTDEND
0	ENTD dystonia ENTDEND was not. This study suggests that administration of low doses of beta-blockers may improve ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND as an adjunct to the currently used medical treatment. There was a significant 40% improvement in the dyskinesia score without increase of parkinsonian ENTD motor disability ENTDEND
0	ENTD motor disability ENTDEND  Ballistic and choreic dyskinesia were markedly ameliorated, whereas dystonia was not. This study suggests that administration of low doses of beta-blockers may improve ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND sensitivity in the skin surrounding tissue injury (secondary hyperalgesia). Secondary hyperalgesia shares clinical characteristics with neurogenic hyperalgesia in patients with neuropathic pain. Abnormal brain responses to somatosensory stimuli have been found in patients with hyperalgesia as well as in normal subjects during experimental central sensitization. The aim of this study was to assess the effects of ENTC gabapentin ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND sensitivity in the skin surrounding tissue injury (secondary hyperalgesia). Secondary hyperalgesia shares clinical characteristics with neurogenic hyperalgesia in patients with neuropathic pain. Abnormal brain responses to somatosensory stimuli have been found in patients with hyperalgesia as well as in normal subjects during experimental central sensitization. The aim of this study was to assess the effects of gabapentin, a drug effective in neuropathic pain patients, on brain processing of nociceptive information in normal and central sensitization states. Using functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) in normal volunteers, we studied the gabapentin-induced modulation of brain activity in response to nociceptive mechanical stimulation of normal skin and ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD tissue injury ENTDEND (secondary hyperalgesia). Secondary hyperalgesia shares clinical characteristics with neurogenic hyperalgesia in patients with neuropathic pain. Abnormal brain responses to somatosensory stimuli have been found in patients with hyperalgesia as well as in normal subjects during experimental central sensitization. The aim of this study was to assess the effects of ENTC gabapentin ENTCEND
0	ENTD tissue injury ENTDEND (secondary hyperalgesia). Secondary hyperalgesia shares clinical characteristics with neurogenic hyperalgesia in patients with neuropathic pain. Abnormal brain responses to somatosensory stimuli have been found in patients with hyperalgesia as well as in normal subjects during experimental central sensitization. The aim of this study was to assess the effects of gabapentin, a drug effective in neuropathic pain patients, on brain processing of nociceptive information in normal and central sensitization states. Using functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) in normal volunteers, we studied the gabapentin-induced modulation of brain activity in response to nociceptive mechanical stimulation of normal skin and ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD secondary hyperalgesia ENTDEND  The dose of ENTC gabapentin ENTCEND
1	ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND induced ENTD secondary hyperalgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC gabapentin ENTCEND  a drug effective in ENTD neuropathic pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD neuropathic pain ENTDEND patients, on brain processing of nociceptive information in normal and central sensitization states. Using functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) in normal volunteers, we studied the gabapentin-induced modulation of brain activity in response to nociceptive mechanical stimulation of normal skin and ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND
1	ENTD pain ENTDEND on i.m. injection of ENTC flunitrazepam ENTCEND
1	ENTD Dizziness ENTDEND was less marked than sedation, but increased with the dose. There was pain on i.m. injection of ENTC flunitrazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac arrest ENTDEND caused by metoclopramide. The rapid injection via the central venous route and the concomitant tapering of ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD cardiac arrest ENTDEND caused by ENTC metoclopramide ENTCEND
0	ENTD asystole ENTDEND lasted 15-30 s on four occasions, on one occasion it lasted 2 min. The patient received ENTC atropine ENTCEND
0	ENTD ischaemic stroke ENTDEND has been reported after ENTC methylphenidate ENTCEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND  Cerebral vasculitis associated with amphetamine abuse is well documented, and in rare cases ENTD ischaemic stroke ENTDEND
0	ENTC methylphenidate ENTCEND due to ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND  Cerebral vasculitis associated with amphetamine abuse is well documented, and in rare cases ischaemic stroke has been reported after methylphenidate intake in children. We report the case of a 63-year-old female who was treated with methylphenidate due to ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
1	ENTD Cerebral vasculitis ENTDEND  following oral ENTC methylphenidate ENTCEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND  ENTD Cerebral vasculitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD amphetamine abuse ENTDEND is well documented, and in rare cases ischaemic stroke has been reported after ENTC methylphenidate ENTCEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND  Cerebral vasculitis associated with ENTD amphetamine abuse ENTDEND
0	ENTC methylphenidate ENTCEND mediated ENTD vasculitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND  Cerebral vasculitis associated with amphetamine abuse is well documented, and in rare cases ischaemic stroke has been reported after methylphenidate intake in children. We report the case of a 63-year-old female who was treated with methylphenidate due to hyperactivity and suffered from multiple ischaemic strokes. We consider drug-induced cerebral vasculitis as the most likely cause of recurrent ischaemic strokes in the absence of any pathological findings during the diagnostic work-up. We conclude that methylphenidate mediated ENTD vasculitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND use and unaccustomed physical activity. CONCLUSIONS: Myocarditis is an increasingly recognized complication associated with the use of clozapine. It can be fatal if not recognized and treated early. Considering that clozapine remains the gold standard in treatment of resistant ENTD psychosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC clozapine ENTCEND remains the gold standard in treatment of resistant ENTD psychosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND developed a sudden onset of myocarditis after commencement of clozapine. The patient recovered with intensive medical support. The symptoms occurred around 2 weeks after starting clozapine in an inpatient setting. Possible contributing factors may have been concomitant ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND
0	ENTC clozapine ENTCEND use. RESULTS: A 20-year-old male with ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND
1	ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND use and unaccustomed physical activity. CONCLUSIONS: ENTD Myocarditis ENTDEND
1	ENTD myocarditis ENTDEND  associated with ENTC clozapine ENTCEND
1	ENTD cardiac failure ENTDEND  hypotension and bradycardia during combined therapy with ENTC verapamil ENTCEND
1	ENTD cardiac failure ENTDEND  hypotension and bradycardia during combined therapy with verapamil and ENTC beta-adrenergic blocking drugs ENTCEND
1	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND during combined therapy with ENTC verapamil ENTCEND
1	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND during combined therapy with verapamil and ENTC beta-adrenergic blocking drugs ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND and bradycardia during combined therapy with ENTC verapamil ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND and bradycardia during combined therapy with verapamil and ENTC beta-adrenergic blocking drugs ENTCEND
0	ENTC verapamil ENTCEND --report of three cases.Three patients with ENTD ischaemic heart disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC beta-adrenergic blocking drugs ENTCEND  and verapamil--report of three cases.Three patients with ENTD ischaemic heart disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC rauwolscine ENTCEND (3 mg kg-1 i.v.). ENTD Orthostatic hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD orthostatic hypotension ENTDEND when performed either prior to or after acute dosing of prazosin (0.1 mg kg-1 i.p.). Conversely, administration of rauwolscine (3 mg kg-1 i.v.) in chronic prazosin treated SHR decreased the basal MAP by 12-31% (n = 4), and subsequent tilts induced further drops of MAP by 19-23% in these rats. 4. The pressor responses and bradycardia to the alpha 1-agonist ENTC cirazoline ENTCEND
0	ENTD orthostatic hypotension ENTDEND when performed either prior to or after acute dosing of prazosin (0.1 mg kg-1 i.p.). Conversely, administration of rauwolscine (3 mg kg-1 i.v.) in chronic prazosin treated SHR decreased the basal MAP by 12-31% (n = 4), and subsequent tilts induced further drops of MAP by 19-23% in these rats. 4. The pressor responses and bradycardia to the alpha 1-agonist cirazoline (0.6 and 2 micrograms kg-1 i.v.), the alpha 2-agonist Abbott-53693 (1 and 3 micrograms kg-1 i.v.), and ENTC noradrenaline ENTCEND
1	ENTD orthostatic hypotension ENTDEND in the SHR treated with ENTC prazosin ENTCEND
0	ENTD orthostatic hypotension ENTDEND when performed either prior to or after acute dosing of prazosin (0.1 mg kg-1 i.p.). Conversely, administration of rauwolscine (3 mg kg-1 i.v.) in chronic prazosin treated SHR decreased the basal MAP by 12-31% (n = 4), and subsequent tilts induced further drops of MAP by 19-23% in these rats. 4. The pressor responses and bradycardia to the alpha 1-agonist cirazoline (0.6 and 2 micrograms kg-1 i.v.), the alpha 2-agonist ENTC Abbott-53693 ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND rats (SHR). 2. Conscious SHR (male 300-350 g) were subjected to 90 degrees head-up tilts for 60 s following acute administration of prazosin (0.1 mg kg-1 i.p.) or ENTC rauwolscine ENTCEND
0	ENTC prazosin ENTCEND -pretreated conscious spontaneously ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND
0	ENTC rauwolscine ENTCEND (3 mg kg-1 i.v.) in chronic prazosin treated SHR decreased the basal MAP by 12-31% (n = 4), and subsequent tilts induced further drops of MAP by 19-23% in these rats. 4. The pressor responses and ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
1	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND effects of ENTC cirazoline ENTCEND
1	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND that accompanied the ENTC noradrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND was greater in SHR with chronic ENTC prazosin ENTCEND
1	ENTC Abbott-53693 ENTCEND were similar in both groups of SHR, but the accompanying ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD organic psychotic ENTDEND patients using concomitantly haloperidol, ENTC chlorpromazine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Carbamazepine ENTCEND was switched to its 10-keto analogue oxcarbazepine among six difficult-to-treat schizophrenic or ENTD organic psychotic ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxcarbazepine ENTCEND among six difficult-to-treat schizophrenic or ENTD organic psychotic ENTDEND
0	ENTD organic psychotic ENTDEND patients using concomitantly haloperidol, chlorpromazine or ENTC clozapine ENTCEND
0	ENTD organic psychotic ENTDEND patients using concomitantly ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND
1	ENTC chlorpromazine ENTCEND or clozapine. This change resulted within 2-4 weeks in the 50-200% increase in the plasma levels of these neuroleptics and the appearance of ENTD extrapyramidal symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTD extrapyramidal symptoms ENTDEND  None of the patients showed any clinical deteriotation during the following 3-6 months. The results of this case report support the idea that in contrast with ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND
1	ENTD extrapyramidal symptoms ENTDEND  None of the patients showed any clinical deteriotation during the following 3-6 months. The results of this case report support the idea that in contrast with carbamazepine ENTC oxcarbazepine ENTCEND
1	ENTC clozapine ENTCEND  This change resulted within 2-4 weeks in the 50-200% increase in the plasma levels of these neuroleptics and the appearance of ENTD extrapyramidal symptoms ENTDEND
1	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND  chlorpromazine or clozapine. This change resulted within 2-4 weeks in the 50-200% increase in the plasma levels of these neuroleptics and the appearance of ENTD extrapyramidal symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND or organic psychotic patients using concomitantly haloperidol, ENTC chlorpromazine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Carbamazepine ENTCEND was switched to its 10-keto analogue oxcarbazepine among six difficult-to-treat ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxcarbazepine ENTCEND among six difficult-to-treat ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND
0	ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND or organic psychotic patients using concomitantly haloperidol, chlorpromazine or ENTC clozapine ENTCEND
0	ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND or organic psychotic patients using concomitantly ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND
1	ENTC busulfan ENTCEND induced ENTD hemorrhage cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemorrhage cystitis ENTDEND is reported. Spontaneous resolution occurred following cessation of the drug. The similarity between the histologic appearances of busulfan cystitis and both radiation and ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC busulfan ENTCEND to induce cellular atypia and ENTD carcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND induced cystitis is discussed and the world literature reviewed. In view of the known tendency of busulfan to induce cellular atypia and ENTD carcinoma ENTDEND
1	ENTC busulfan ENTCEND ENTD cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND induced ENTD cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD Drowsiness ENTDEND was common on clonidine, but generally resolved by 6 to 8 weeks. CONCLUSIONS: Clonidine, used alone or with ENTC methylphenidate ENTCEND
0	ENTD Drowsiness ENTDEND was common on ENTC clonidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC methylphenidate ENTCEND in children with ENTD attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTC Clonidine ENTCEND  for ENTD attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTC methylphenidate ENTCEND  appears safe and well tolerated in childhood ADHD. Physicians prescribing clonidine should monitor for ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
1	ENTC clonidine ENTCEND should monitor for ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND  The cardiac depressant actions of phenytoin and ENTD hypothermia ENTDEND
0	ENTC atropine ENTCEND and adrenaline. The cardiac depressant actions of phenytoin and ENTD hypothermia ENTDEND
0	ENTC phenytoin ENTCEND and ENTD hypothermia ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND prophylaxis. Following phenytoin administration, the patient developed acute severe bradycardia, refractory to atropine and ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND prophylaxis. Following phenytoin administration, the patient developed acute severe bradycardia, refractory to ENTC atropine ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND prophylaxis. Following ENTC phenytoin ENTCEND
0	ENTD Chiari malformation ENTDEND and a leaking myelomeningocoele underwent ventriculoperitoneal shunt insertion followed by repair of myelomeningocoele. During anaesthesia and surgery, he inadvertently became moderately hypothermic. Intravenous phenytoin was administered during the later part of the surgery for seizure prophylaxis. Following phenytoin administration, the patient developed acute severe bradycardia, refractory to atropine and ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD Chiari malformation ENTDEND and a leaking myelomeningocoele underwent ventriculoperitoneal shunt insertion followed by repair of myelomeningocoele. During anaesthesia and surgery, he inadvertently became moderately hypothermic. Intravenous phenytoin was administered during the later part of the surgery for seizure prophylaxis. Following phenytoin administration, the patient developed acute severe bradycardia, refractory to ENTC atropine ENTCEND
0	ENTC phenytoin ENTCEND  administration safe in a hypothermic child?A male neonate with a ENTD Chiari malformation ENTDEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND  refractory to atropine and ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND  refractory to ENTC atropine ENTCEND
1	ENTC phenytoin ENTCEND administration, the patient developed acute severe ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC kainate ENTCEND  receptor antagonists actives in three animal models of ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND  reversal of formalin-induced paw licking, ENTC carrageenan ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND  reversal of ENTC formalin ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND  reversal of formalin-induced paw licking, carrageenan-induced thermal hyperalgesia, and ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC glutamate ENTCEND receptors. Their ester prodrugs 6 and 8 were orally active in three models of ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC KA ENTCEND receptor antagonists, exhibited high GluR5 receptor affinity over other glutamate receptors. Their ester prodrugs 6 and 8 were orally active in three models of pain: reversal of formalin-induced paw licking, carrageenan-induced ENTD thermal hyperalgesia ENTDEND
1	ENTC carrageenan ENTCEND induced ENTD thermal hyperalgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC formalin ENTCEND induced paw licking, carrageenan-induced ENTD thermal hyperalgesia ENTDEND
1	ENTD thermal hyperalgesia ENTDEND  and ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC glutamate ENTCEND receptors. Their ester prodrugs 6 and 8 were orally active in three models of pain: reversal of formalin-induced paw licking, carrageenan-induced ENTD thermal hyperalgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurological disorders ENTDEND indicating cerebellum damage (" ENTC valproate ENTCEND
0	ENTD neurological disorders ENTDEND indicating cerebellum damage ("valproate encephalopathy"). The first ultrastructural changes in structural elements of the blood-brain-barrier (BBB) in the cerebellar cortex were detectable after 3 months of the experiment. They became more severe in the later months of the experiment, and were most severe after 12 months, located mainly in the molecular layer of the cerebellar cortex. Lesions of the capillary included necrosis of endothelial cells. Organelles of these cells, in particular the mitochondria (increased number and size, distinct degeneration of their matrix and cristae) and Golgi apparatus were altered. Reduced size of capillary lumen and occlusion were caused by swollen endothelial cells which had ENTC luminal ENTCEND
0	ENTD cerebellum damage ENTDEND (" ENTC valproate ENTCEND
0	ENTD cerebellum damage ENTDEND ("valproate encephalopathy"). The first ultrastructural changes in structural elements of the blood-brain-barrier (BBB) in the cerebellar cortex were detectable after 3 months of the experiment. They became more severe in the later months of the experiment, and were most severe after 12 months, located mainly in the molecular layer of the cerebellar cortex. Lesions of the capillary included necrosis of endothelial cells. Organelles of these cells, in particular the mitochondria (increased number and size, distinct degeneration of their matrix and cristae) and Golgi apparatus were altered. Reduced size of capillary lumen and occlusion were caused by swollen endothelial cells which had ENTC luminal ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperammonemia ENTDEND  upon the development of ENTC valproate ENTCEND
0	ENTC luminal ENTCEND and antiluminal sides of the BBB of the cerebellar cortex had similar lesions. The possible influence of the hepatic damage, mainly ENTD hyperammonemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC valproate ENTCEND encephalopathy"). The first ultrastructural changes in structural elements of the blood-brain-barrier (BBB) in the cerebellar cortex were detectable after 3 months of the experiment. They became more severe in the later months of the experiment, and were most severe after 12 months, located mainly in the molecular layer of the cerebellar cortex. Lesions of the capillary included ENTD necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC luminal ENTCEND protrusions and swollen microvilli. Pressure on the vessel wall was produced by enlarged perivascular astrocytic processes. Fragments of ENTD necrotic ENTDEND
1	ENTC valproate ENTCEND ENTD encephalopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC luminal ENTCEND and antiluminal sides of the BBB of the cerebellar cortex had similar lesions. The possible influence of the hepatic damage, mainly hyperammonemia, upon the development of valproate ENTD encephalopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD hepatic damage ENTDEND  mainly hyperammonemia, upon the development of ENTC valproate ENTCEND
0	ENTC luminal ENTCEND and antiluminal sides of the BBB of the cerebellar cortex had similar lesions. The possible influence of the ENTD hepatic damage ENTDEND
0	ENTD cerebral palsy ENTDEND and seizure disorder, receiving ENTC clonidine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cerebral palsy ENTDEND  undergoing ENTC sevoflurane ENTCEND
0	ENTD cerebral palsy ENTDEND and seizure disorder, receiving clonidine for restlessness, who presented for placement of a ENTC baclofen ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND requiring cardiac resuscitation. There are no previous reports of ENTC clonidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC sevoflurane ENTCEND  induction of anesthesia after preoperative clonidine.Clonidine is a frequently administered alpha2-adrenergic agonist which can decrease heart rate and blood pressure. We present a case of a 5-year-old child with cerebral palsy and seizure disorder, receiving clonidine for restlessness, who presented for placement of a baclofen pump. Without the knowledge of the medical personnel, the patient's mother administered three doses of clonidine during the evening before and morning of surgery to reduce anxiety. During induction of anesthesia, the patient developed bradycardia and ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC baclofen ENTCEND pump. Without the knowledge of the medical personnel, the patient's mother administered three doses of clonidine during the evening before and morning of surgery to reduce anxiety. During induction of anesthesia, the patient developed bradycardia and ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC clonidine ENTCEND for ENTD restlessness ENTDEND
0	ENTC sevoflurane ENTCEND  induction of anesthesia after preoperative clonidine.Clonidine is a frequently administered alpha2-adrenergic agonist which can decrease heart rate and blood pressure. We present a case of a 5-year-old child with cerebral palsy and seizure disorder, receiving clonidine for ENTD restlessness ENTDEND
0	ENTD restlessness ENTDEND  who presented for placement of a ENTC baclofen ENTCEND
1	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND and hypotension requiring cardiac resuscitation. There are no previous reports of ENTC clonidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC sevoflurane ENTCEND  induction of anesthesia after preoperative clonidine.Clonidine is a frequently administered alpha2-adrenergic agonist which can decrease heart rate and blood pressure. We present a case of a 5-year-old child with cerebral palsy and seizure disorder, receiving clonidine for restlessness, who presented for placement of a baclofen pump. Without the knowledge of the medical personnel, the patient's mother administered three doses of clonidine during the evening before and morning of surgery to reduce anxiety. During induction of anesthesia, the patient developed ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC baclofen ENTCEND pump. Without the knowledge of the medical personnel, the patient's mother administered three doses of clonidine during the evening before and morning of surgery to reduce anxiety. During induction of anesthesia, the patient developed ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC clonidine ENTCEND during the evening before and morning of surgery to reduce ENTD anxiety ENTDEND
0	ENTC sevoflurane ENTCEND  induction of anesthesia after preoperative clonidine.Clonidine is a frequently administered alpha2-adrenergic agonist which can decrease heart rate and blood pressure. We present a case of a 5-year-old child with cerebral palsy and seizure disorder, receiving clonidine for restlessness, who presented for placement of a baclofen pump. Without the knowledge of the medical personnel, the patient's mother administered three doses of clonidine during the evening before and morning of surgery to reduce ENTD anxiety ENTDEND
0	ENTC baclofen ENTCEND pump. Without the knowledge of the medical personnel, the patient's mother administered three doses of clonidine during the evening before and morning of surgery to reduce ENTD anxiety ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizure disorder ENTDEND  receiving ENTC clonidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC sevoflurane ENTCEND  induction of anesthesia after preoperative clonidine.Clonidine is a frequently administered alpha2-adrenergic agonist which can decrease heart rate and blood pressure. We present a case of a 5-year-old child with cerebral palsy and ENTD seizure disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizure disorder ENTDEND  receiving clonidine for restlessness, who presented for placement of a ENTC baclofen ENTCEND
1	ENTC clonidine ENTCEND associated ENTD cardiac arrest ENTDEND
0	ENTD Cardiac arrest ENTDEND  in a child with cerebral palsy undergoing ENTC sevoflurane ENTCEND
0	ENTC baclofen ENTCEND pump. Without the knowledge of the medical personnel, the patient's mother administered three doses of clonidine during the evening before and morning of surgery to reduce anxiety. During induction of anesthesia, the patient developed bradycardia and hypotension requiring cardiac resuscitation. There are no previous reports of clonidine-associated ENTD cardiac arrest ENTDEND
0	ENTD ovarian cancer ENTDEND patients. We initiated a phase I/II trial to determine the response and toxicity of escalating ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND combination has been used successfully and has significantly improved median response duration in ENTD ovarian cancer ENTDEND
1	ENTD Alopecia ENTDEND  paresthesias, and arthralgias/myalgias have occurred frequently, but with one exception (a grade 3 myalgia) they have been grade 1 or 2. No dose-limiting hematologic toxicity has been seen. ENTC Paclitaxel ENTCEND
1	ENTD Alopecia ENTDEND  paresthesias, and arthralgias/myalgias have occurred frequently, but with one exception (a grade 3 myalgia) they have been grade 1 or 2. No dose-limiting hematologic toxicity has been seen. Paclitaxel/ ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND doses combined with fixed-dose cisplatin with granulocyte colony-stimulating factor support in patients with untreated locally advanced inoperable head and neck carcinoma. To date, 23 men with a median age of 50 years and good performance status have entered the trial. Primary ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND with granulocyte colony-stimulating factor support in patients with untreated locally advanced inoperable head and neck carcinoma. To date, 23 men with a median age of 50 years and good performance status have entered the trial. Primary ENTD tumor ENTDEND
1	ENTD paresthesias ENTDEND  and arthralgias/myalgias have occurred frequently, but with one exception (a grade 3 myalgia) they have been grade 1 or 2. No dose-limiting hematologic toxicity has been seen. ENTC Paclitaxel ENTCEND
1	ENTD paresthesias ENTDEND  and arthralgias/myalgias have occurred frequently, but with one exception (a grade 3 myalgia) they have been grade 1 or 2. No dose-limiting hematologic toxicity has been seen. Paclitaxel/ ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of escalating ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND has been seen. Paclitaxel/ ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
1	ENTD arthralgias ENTDEND myalgias have occurred frequently, but with one exception (a grade 3 myalgia) they have been grade 1 or 2. No dose-limiting hematologic toxicity has been seen. ENTC Paclitaxel ENTCEND
1	ENTD arthralgias ENTDEND myalgias have occurred frequently, but with one exception (a grade 3 myalgia) they have been grade 1 or 2. No dose-limiting hematologic toxicity has been seen. Paclitaxel/ ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD head and neck cancer ENTDEND  and the ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND
0	ENTD head and neck cancer ENTDEND  and the paclitaxel/ ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD myalgia ENTDEND  they have been grade 1 or 2. No dose-limiting hematologic toxicity has been seen. ENTC Paclitaxel ENTCEND
0	ENTD myalgia ENTDEND  they have been grade 1 or 2. No dose-limiting hematologic toxicity has been seen. Paclitaxel/ ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC clioquinol ENTCEND as treatment for ENTD acrodermatitis enteropathica ENTDEND
0	ENTC halogenated hydroxyquinolines ENTCEND reported from outside Japan. In 80 cases insufficient information was available for adequate comment and in 29 a relationship to the administration of clioquinol could be excluded. Of the remainder, a relationship to clioquinol was considered probable in 42 and possible in 69 cases. In six of the probable cases the neurological disturbance consisted of an acute reversible encephalopathy usually related to the ingestion of a high dose of clioquinol over a short period. The most common manifestation, observed in 15 further cases, was isolated optic atrophy. This was most frequently found in children, many of whom had received clioquinol as treatment for ENTD acrodermatitis enteropathica ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurotoxic ENTDEND reactions to halogenated hydroxyquinolines reported from outside Japan. In 80 cases insufficient information was available for adequate comment and in 29 a relationship to the administration of ENTC clioquinol ENTCEND
0	ENTD Neurotoxicity ENTDEND  of ENTC halogenated hydroxyquinolines ENTCEND
1	ENTC clioquinol ENTCEND as treatment for acrodermatitis enteropathica. In the remaining cases, a combination of ENTD myelopathy ENTDEND
1	ENTC clioquinol ENTCEND as treatment for acrodermatitis enteropathica. In the remaining cases, a combination of myelopathy, visual disturbance, and ENTD peripheral neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC clioquinol ENTCEND was considered probable in 42 and possible in 69 cases. In six of the probable cases the ENTD neurological disturbance ENTDEND
0	ENTC halogenated hydroxyquinolines ENTCEND reported from outside Japan. In 80 cases insufficient information was available for adequate comment and in 29 a relationship to the administration of clioquinol could be excluded. Of the remainder, a relationship to clioquinol was considered probable in 42 and possible in 69 cases. In six of the probable cases the ENTD neurological disturbance ENTDEND
1	ENTC clioquinol ENTCEND as treatment for acrodermatitis enteropathica. In the remaining cases, a combination of myelopathy, ENTD visual disturbance ENTDEND
0	ENTC clioquinol ENTCEND as treatment for acrodermatitis enteropathica. In the remaining cases, a combination of myelopathy, visual disturbance, and peripheral neuropathy was the most common manifestation. Isolated myelopathy or peripheral neuropathy, or these manifestations occurring together, were infrequent. The onset of all manifestations (except toxic encephalopathy) was usually subacute, with subsequent partial recovery. Older subjects tended to display more side effects. The full syndrome of subacute ENTD myelo-optic neuropathy ENTDEND
1	ENTD optic atrophy ENTDEND  This was most frequently found in children, many of whom had received ENTC clioquinol ENTCEND
0	ENTC halogenated hydroxyquinolines ENTCEND reported from outside Japan. In 80 cases insufficient information was available for adequate comment and in 29 a relationship to the administration of clioquinol could be excluded. Of the remainder, a relationship to clioquinol was considered probable in 42 and possible in 69 cases. In six of the probable cases the neurological disturbance consisted of an acute reversible encephalopathy usually related to the ingestion of a high dose of clioquinol over a short period. The most common manifestation, observed in 15 further cases, was isolated ENTD optic atrophy ENTDEND
1	ENTD encephalopathy ENTDEND usually related to the ingestion of a high dose of ENTC clioquinol ENTCEND
0	ENTC halogenated hydroxyquinolines ENTCEND reported from outside Japan. In 80 cases insufficient information was available for adequate comment and in 29 a relationship to the administration of clioquinol could be excluded. Of the remainder, a relationship to clioquinol was considered probable in 42 and possible in 69 cases. In six of the probable cases the neurological disturbance consisted of an acute reversible ENTD encephalopathy ENTDEND
1	ENTD seizure ENTDEND free. Previous exposures to ENTC enflurane ENTCEND
0	ENTD Epileptic ENTDEND foci delineated and activated by ENTC enflurane ENTCEND
0	ENTC desipramine ENTCEND toxicity. Unusual features of the ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTC desipramine ENTCEND ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTD ventricular tachycardia ENTDEND  in ENTC desipramine ENTCEND
0	ENTC crocin ENTCEND (30 mg/kg) in antagonizing the cognitive deficits caused by STZ-icv in rats and its potential in the treatment of ENTD neurodegenerative diseases ENTDEND
0	ENTC STZ ENTCEND icv in rats and its potential in the treatment of ENTD neurodegenerative diseases ENTDEND
0	ENTC crocin ENTCEND in the mentioned dose could significantly attenuated ENTD learning and memory impairment ENTDEND
0	ENTD learning and memory impairment ENTDEND in treated ENTC STZ ENTCEND
0	ENTC crocin ENTCEND in the mentioned dose could significantly attenuated ENTD learning and memory impairment ENTDEND
0	ENTD learning and memory impairment ENTDEND in treated ENTC STZ ENTCEND
0	ENTC crocin ENTCEND (30 mg/kg) in antagonizing the ENTD cognitive deficits ENTDEND
1	ENTD cognitive deficits ENTDEND caused by ENTC STZ ENTCEND
0	ENTC crocins ENTCEND on sporadic ENTD Alzheimer's disease ENTDEND
1	ENTC streptozocin ENTCEND -induced model of sporadic ENTD Alzheimer's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD Alzheimer's disease ENTDEND  in male rats.BACKGROUND: The involvement of water-soluble ENTC carotenoids ENTCEND
1	ENTD aggressiveness ENTDEND was not secondary to ENTC METH ENTCEND
0	ENTC METH ENTCEND induced ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
1	ENTC Perhexiline maleate ENTCEND  and ENTD peripheral neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC perhexiline maleate ENTCEND  a drug widely used in France (and in clinical trials in the United States) for the prophylactic treatment of ENTD angina pectoris ENTDEND
0	ENTC perhexiline maleate ENTCEND  a drug widely used in France (and in clinical trials in the United States) for the prophylactic treatment of angina pectoris. In 24 patients with this complication, the marked slowing of motor nerve conduction velocity and the electromyographic changes imply mainly a demyelinating disorder. Improvement was noted with cessation of therapy. In a few cases the presence of active denervation signified a poor prognosis, with only slight improvement. The underlying mechanism causing the ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND
1	ENTC perhexiline maleate ENTCEND  a drug widely used in France (and in clinical trials in the United States) for the prophylactic treatment of angina pectoris. In 24 patients with this complication, the marked slowing of motor nerve conduction velocity and the electromyographic changes imply mainly a ENTD demyelinating disorder ENTDEND
1	ENTC bupropion ENTCEND induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD Pain ENTDEND Scale (CHEOPS). RESULTS: The average time from intravenous administration of ENTC ketamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD emesis ENTDEND (eight of the thirteen patients with nausea), clumsiness (evident as ataxic movements in ten patients), and dysphoric reaction (one patient). No long-term sequelae were noted, and no patients had hallucinations or nightmares. CONCLUSIONS: ENTC Ketamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC ketamine ENTCEND to manipulation of the fracture or ENTD dislocation ENTDEND
1	ENTD nausea ENTDEND , clumsiness (evident as ataxic movements in ten patients), and dysphoric reaction (one patient). No long-term sequelae were noted, and no patients had hallucinations or nightmares. CONCLUSIONS: ENTC Ketamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD trauma ENTDEND center were prospectively evaluated. ENTC Ketamine hydrochloride ENTCEND
1	ENTD ataxic movements ENTDEND in ten patients), and dysphoric reaction (one patient). No long-term sequelae were noted, and no patients had hallucinations or nightmares. CONCLUSIONS: ENTC Ketamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hallucinations ENTDEND or nightmares. CONCLUSIONS: ENTC Ketamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC ketamine ENTCEND to manipulation of the ENTD fracture ENTDEND
0	ENTD VTE ENTDEND while on COCs. Of these women, 67 were on ENTC levonorgestrel ENTCEND
1	ENTD VTE ENTDEND  ENTC COC ENTCEND
0	ENTC EE ENTCEND  The corresponding absolute risk of ENTD VTE ENTDEND
0	ENTD VTE ENTDEND  among women on ENTC cyproterone acetate ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND  and to have died in summer months. EDDs had concentrations of cocaine and ENTC benzoylecgonine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND  and to have died in summer months. EDDs had concentrations of ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND .We describe an outbreak of deaths from cocaine-induced excited delirium (EDDs) in Dade County, Florida between 1979 and 1990. From a registry of all cocaine-related deaths in Dade County, Florida, from 1969-1990, 58 EDDs were compared with 125 victims of accidental cocaine overdose without excited delirium. Compared with controls, EDDs were more frequently black, male, and younger. They were less likely to have a low body mass index, and more likely to have died in police custody, to have received medical treatment immediately before death, to have survived for a longer period, to have developed hyperthermia, and to have died in summer months. EDDs had concentrations of cocaine and ENTC benzoylecgonine ENTCEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC benzoylecgonine ENTCEND in autopsy blood that were similar to those for controls. The epidemiologic findings are most consistent with the hypothesis that chronic cocaine use disrupts dopaminergic function and, when coupled with recent cocaine use, may precipitate agitation, delirium, aberrant thermoregulation, ENTD rhabdomyolysis ENTDEND
1	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND use, may precipitate agitation, delirium, aberrant thermoregulation, ENTD rhabdomyolysis ENTDEND
0	ENTC benzoylecgonine ENTCEND in autopsy blood that were similar to those for controls. The epidemiologic findings are most consistent with the hypothesis that chronic cocaine use disrupts dopaminergic function and, when coupled with recent cocaine use, may precipitate agitation, delirium, aberrant thermoregulation, rhabdomyolysis, and ENTD sudden death ENTDEND
1	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND use, may precipitate agitation, delirium, aberrant thermoregulation, rhabdomyolysis, and ENTD sudden death ENTDEND
0	ENTC benzoylecgonine ENTCEND in autopsy blood that were similar to those for controls. The epidemiologic findings are most consistent with the hypothesis that chronic cocaine use disrupts dopaminergic function and, when coupled with recent cocaine use, may precipitate ENTD agitation ENTDEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND use, may precipitate ENTD agitation ENTDEND
0	ENTD overdose ENTDEND without excited delirium. Compared with controls, EDDs were more frequently black, male, and younger. They were less likely to have a low body mass index, and more likely to have died in police custody, to have received medical treatment immediately before death, to have survived for a longer period, to have developed hyperthermia, and to have died in summer months. EDDs had concentrations of cocaine and ENTC benzoylecgonine ENTCEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTD EDDs ENTDEND had concentrations of cocaine and ENTC benzoylecgonine ENTCEND
1	ENTD delirium ENTDEND  following ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC kainic acid ENTCEND induced ENTD status epilepticus ENTDEND
0	ENTC silver ENTCEND stained CA3 and CA1 hippocampal neurons was evaluated 2 days after ENTD SE ENTDEND
1	ENTC lithium ENTCEND pilocarpine-induced ENTD SE ENTDEND
0	ENTD SE ENTDEND  ENTC 17beta-Estradiol ENTCEND
1	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND induced ENTD SE ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND -induced hippocampal injury in ovariectomized female but not in male rats.Estrogens protect ovariectomized rats from hippocampal injury induced by ENTC kainic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC silver ENTCEND stained CA3 and CA1 hippocampal neurons was evaluated 2 days after SE. 17beta-Estradiol did not alter the onset of first clonus in ovariectomized rats but accelerated it in males. 17beta-Estradiol reduced the argyrophilic neurons in the CA1 and CA3-C sectors of ovariectomized rats. In males, estradiol increased the total damage score. These findings suggest that the effects of estradiol on ENTD seizure ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND -induced hippocampal injury in ovariectomized female but not in male rats.Estrogens protect ovariectomized rats from hippocampal injury induced by kainic acid-induced status epilepticus (SE). We compared the effects of 17beta-estradiol in adult male and ovariectomized female rats subjected to ENTC lithium ENTCEND
0	ENTC estradiol ENTCEND on ENTD seizure ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND -induced hippocampal injury in ovariectomized female but not in male rats.Estrogens protect ovariectomized rats from hippocampal injury induced by kainic acid-induced status epilepticus (SE). We compared the effects of 17beta-estradiol in adult male and ovariectomized female rats subjected to lithium- ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hippocampal injury ENTDEND induced by ENTC kainic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD hippocampal injury ENTDEND induced by kainic acid-induced status epilepticus (SE). We compared the effects of 17beta-estradiol in adult male and ovariectomized female rats subjected to lithium-pilocarpine-induced SE. Rats received subcutaneous injections of 17beta-estradiol (2 microg/rat) or oil once daily for four consecutive days. SE was induced 20 h following the second injection and terminated 3 h later. The extent of ENTC silver ENTCEND
1	ENTD hippocampal injury ENTDEND induced by kainic acid-induced status epilepticus (SE). We compared the effects of 17beta-estradiol in adult male and ovariectomized female rats subjected to ENTC lithium ENTCEND
0	ENTC Estradiol ENTCEND  reduces seizure-induced ENTD hippocampal injury ENTDEND
1	ENTD hippocampal injury ENTDEND induced by kainic acid-induced status epilepticus (SE). We compared the effects of 17beta-estradiol in adult male and ovariectomized female rats subjected to lithium- ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND
0	ENTC fluoroquinolone ENTCEND  is one of the most commonly prescribed antibiotics in clinical practice and is effective against Gram-positive, Gram-negative, and atypical bacteria. While small prospective studies have not revealed any significant drug-drug interaction between warfarin and levofloxacin, several case reports have indicated that levofloxacin may significantly potentiate the anticoagulation effect of warfarin. We report 3 cases of serious ENTD bleeding ENTDEND
1	ENTD bleeding ENTDEND complications that appear to be the result of the interaction between warfarin and ENTC levofloxacin ENTCEND
1	ENTC warfarin ENTCEND  We report 3 cases of serious ENTD bleeding ENTDEND
0	ENTC azathioprine ENTCEND  therapy. A case report.A 67-year-old patient, with primary ENTD polymyositis ENTDEND
0	ENTD liver disease ENTDEND  developed clinical and biochemical features of severe cholestasis 3 months after initiation of ENTC azathioprine ENTCEND
1	ENTC azathioprine ENTCEND induced ENTD cholestasis ENTDEND
1	ENTC UFH ENTCEND related ENTD HIT ENTDEND
0	ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND  after liver transplantation.BACKGROUND: Unfractionated heparin sodium (UFH) or ENTC low-molecular weight heparin ENTCEND
0	ENTC heparin ENTCEND induced ENTD platelet aggregation ENTDEND
0	ENTD thrombosis ENTDEND after liver transplantation. ENTC Heparin ENTCEND
0	ENTC low-molecular weight heparin ENTCEND (LMWH) is used in anticoagulant protocols at several institutions to prevent ENTD thrombosis ENTDEND
1	ENTC zidovudine ENTCEND groups was six (40%) and two (11%) at week 4 (p = 0.10) and five (45%) and two (14%) at week 24 (p = 0.08), respectively. Diarrhea, flatulence, abdominal pain, and ENTD weight loss ENTDEND
1	ENTC SC-48334 ENTCEND steady-state trough level (4.04 +/- 0.99 micrograms/ml) was below the in vitro inhibitory concentration for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). The mean increase in CD4 cells at week 4 was 73.8 cells/mm3 and 52.4 cells/mm3 for the combination and zidovudine groups, respectively (p > 0.36). For patients with prior zidovudine therapy, the mean change in CD4 cells in the combination and zidovudine groups was 63.7 cells/mm3 and 4.9 cells/mm3 at week 8 and 6.8 cells/mm3 and -45.1 cells/mm3 at week 16, respectively. The number of patients with suppression of HIV p24 antigenemia in the combination and zidovudine groups was six (40%) and two (11%) at week 4 (p = 0.10) and five (45%) and two (14%) at week 24 (p = 0.08), respectively. Diarrhea, flatulence, abdominal pain, and ENTD weight loss ENTDEND
0	ENTC zidovudine ENTCEND  in patients with ENTD HIV-1 infection ENTDEND
0	ENTC SC-48334 ENTCEND ) and zidovudine in patients with ENTD HIV-1 infection ENTDEND
0	ENTD immunodeficiency ENTDEND virus (HIV). The mean increase in CD4 cells at week 4 was 73.8 cells/mm3 and 52.4 cells/mm3 for the combination and ENTC zidovudine ENTCEND
0	ENTC SC-48334 ENTCEND steady-state trough level (4.04 +/- 0.99 micrograms/ml) was below the in vitro inhibitory concentration for human ENTD immunodeficiency ENTDEND
1	ENTC zidovudine ENTCEND groups was six (40%) and two (11%) at week 4 (p = 0.10) and five (45%) and two (14%) at week 24 (p = 0.08), respectively. Diarrhea, flatulence, ENTD abdominal pain ENTDEND
1	ENTC SC-48334 ENTCEND steady-state trough level (4.04 +/- 0.99 micrograms/ml) was below the in vitro inhibitory concentration for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). The mean increase in CD4 cells at week 4 was 73.8 cells/mm3 and 52.4 cells/mm3 for the combination and zidovudine groups, respectively (p > 0.36). For patients with prior zidovudine therapy, the mean change in CD4 cells in the combination and zidovudine groups was 63.7 cells/mm3 and 4.9 cells/mm3 at week 8 and 6.8 cells/mm3 and -45.1 cells/mm3 at week 16, respectively. The number of patients with suppression of HIV p24 antigenemia in the combination and zidovudine groups was six (40%) and two (11%) at week 4 (p = 0.10) and five (45%) and two (14%) at week 24 (p = 0.08), respectively. Diarrhea, flatulence, ENTD abdominal pain ENTDEND
1	ENTC zidovudine ENTCEND groups was six (40%) and two (11%) at week 4 (p = 0.10) and five (45%) and two (14%) at week 24 (p = 0.08), respectively. Diarrhea, ENTD flatulence ENTDEND
1	ENTC SC-48334 ENTCEND steady-state trough level (4.04 +/- 0.99 micrograms/ml) was below the in vitro inhibitory concentration for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). The mean increase in CD4 cells at week 4 was 73.8 cells/mm3 and 52.4 cells/mm3 for the combination and zidovudine groups, respectively (p > 0.36). For patients with prior zidovudine therapy, the mean change in CD4 cells in the combination and zidovudine groups was 63.7 cells/mm3 and 4.9 cells/mm3 at week 8 and 6.8 cells/mm3 and -45.1 cells/mm3 at week 16, respectively. The number of patients with suppression of HIV p24 antigenemia in the combination and zidovudine groups was six (40%) and two (11%) at week 4 (p = 0.10) and five (45%) and two (14%) at week 24 (p = 0.08), respectively. Diarrhea, ENTD flatulence ENTDEND
1	ENTC zidovudine ENTCEND groups was six (40%) and two (11%) at week 4 (p = 0.10) and five (45%) and two (14%) at week 24 (p = 0.08), respectively. ENTD Diarrhea ENTDEND
1	ENTC SC-48334 ENTCEND steady-state trough level (4.04 +/- 0.99 micrograms/ml) was below the in vitro inhibitory concentration for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). The mean increase in CD4 cells at week 4 was 73.8 cells/mm3 and 52.4 cells/mm3 for the combination and zidovudine groups, respectively (p > 0.36). For patients with prior zidovudine therapy, the mean change in CD4 cells in the combination and zidovudine groups was 63.7 cells/mm3 and 4.9 cells/mm3 at week 8 and 6.8 cells/mm3 and -45.1 cells/mm3 at week 16, respectively. The number of patients with suppression of HIV p24 antigenemia in the combination and zidovudine groups was six (40%) and two (11%) at week 4 (p = 0.10) and five (45%) and two (14%) at week 24 (p = 0.08), respectively. ENTD Diarrhea ENTDEND
1	ENTC LiCl ENTCEND pre-treated rats, induces electrocorticographic ENTD seizures ENTDEND
1	ENTD seizures ENTDEND and delayed hippocampal damage. The toxic effects of ENTC tacrine ENTCEND
1	ENTC LiCl ENTCEND pre-treated rats, induces electrocorticographic seizures and delayed ENTD hippocampal damage ENTDEND
1	ENTD hippocampal damage ENTDEND  The toxic effects of ENTC tacrine ENTCEND
0	ENTD damage of neuronal cells ENTDEND in CA1 field of the hippocampus in all treated animals, while the saline solution of tacrine only in 60% of animals. Empty nanoparticles provided similar results to control (saline-treated) group of animals. In conclusion, the evaluation of time-to-onset of symptoms and the severity of neurodegenerative processes induced by the tacrine- ENTC lithium ENTCEND
0	ENTC LiCl ENTCEND pre-treated Wistar rats. All the animals treated with tacrine-loaded nanoparticles showed an earlier outcome of CNS adverse symptoms, i.e. ENTD epileptic ENTDEND
0	ENTC tacrine ENTCEND lithium model of ENTD epilepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC lithium ENTCEND model of ENTD epilepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD tumor ENTDEND angiogenic potential was associated with an elevated VEGF/VPF protein expression in the ENTC E2 ENTCEND
0	ENTC estrogen ENTCEND induced ENTD tumor ENTDEND
1	ENTD pituitary tumors ENTDEND  may mediate estrogen-initiated tumor angiogenesis.Estrogens, which have been associated with several types of human and animal cancers, can induce tumor angiogenesis in the pituitary of Fischer 344 rats. The mechanistic details of tumor angiogenesis induction, during estrogen carcinogenesis, are still unknown. To elucidate the role of estrogen in the regulation of tumor angiogenesis in the pituitary of female rats, the density of blood vessels was analysed using factor VIII related antigen (FVIIIRAg) immunohistochemistry and the expression of vascular endothelial growth factor/vascular permeability factor (VEGF/VPF) was examined by Western blot and immunohistochemical analysis. The expression of VEGF receptor (VEGFR-2/Flk-1/KDR) was also examined by immunohistochemistry. The results demonstrated that ENTC 17beta-estradiol ENTCEND
0	ENTC estrogen ENTCEND -induced rat ENTD pituitary tumors ENTDEND
0	ENTD carcinogenesis ENTDEND  are still unknown. To elucidate the role of estrogen in the regulation of tumor angiogenesis in the pituitary of female rats, the density of blood vessels was analysed using factor VIII related antigen (FVIIIRAg) immunohistochemistry and the expression of vascular endothelial growth factor/vascular permeability factor (VEGF/VPF) was examined by Western blot and immunohistochemical analysis. The expression of VEGF receptor (VEGFR-2/Flk-1/KDR) was also examined by immunohistochemistry. The results demonstrated that ENTC 17beta-estradiol ENTCEND
0	ENTC estrogen ENTCEND ENTD carcinogenesis ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND rats ENTC clonidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC alpha-methyldopa ENTCEND was also partially reversed by naloxone. Naloxone alone did not affect either blood pressure or heart rate. In brain membranes from spontaneously ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND
0	ENTC Naloxone ENTCEND  reverses the antihypertensive effect of clonidine.In unanesthetized, spontaneously ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND
0	ENTC clonidine ENTCEND  5 to 20 micrograms/kg, was inhibited or reversed by nalozone, 0.2 to 2 mg/kg. The ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND
1	ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND effect of 100 mg/kg ENTC alpha-methyldopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND effect of 100 mg/kg alpha-methyldopa was also partially reversed by ENTC naloxone ENTCEND
0	ENTC dobutamine ENTCEND infusion and other drugs while being assessed for heart transplantation. On transthoracic echocardiogram, she had moderate left ventricular dysfunction with regional variability and moderate ENTD mitral regurgitation ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertrophic cardiomyopathy ENTDEND  was admitted with biventricular failure and managed aggressively with ENTC dobutamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC dobutamine ENTCEND infusion and other drugs while being assessed for heart transplantation. On transthoracic echocardiogram, she had moderate ENTD left ventricular dysfunction ENTDEND
1	ENTC dobutamine ENTCEND infusion therapy. ENTD Eosinophilic myocarditis ENTDEND
1	ENTD myocarditis ENTDEND was related to ENTC dobutamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypersensitivity ENTDEND (eosinophilic) myocarditis was related to ENTC dobutamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD biventricular failure ENTDEND and managed aggressively with ENTC dobutamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND and tacrolimus. The fifth case had features of thrombotic microangiopathy related to an ENTD antiphospholipid syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND  The fifth case had features of thrombotic microangiopathy related to an ENTD antiphospholipid syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND and tacrolimus. The fifth case had features of thrombotic microangiopathy related to an antiphospholipid syndrome in a patient with ENTD systemic lupus erythematosus ENTDEND
0	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND  The fifth case had features of thrombotic microangiopathy related to an antiphospholipid syndrome in a patient with ENTD systemic lupus erythematosus ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND  tacrolimus) ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND  ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemolytic uremic syndrome ENTDEND  Other causes include drug-related ( ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hemolytic uremic syndrome ENTDEND  Other causes include drug-related (cyclosporine, ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
1	ENTD thrombotic microangiopathy ENTDEND was drug related, secondary mainly to ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND
0	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND  The fifth case had features of ENTD thrombotic microangiopathy ENTDEND
1	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND .Many authors described the effects on the fetus of maternal cocaine abuse during pregnancy. Vasoconstriction appears to be the common mechanism of action leading to a wide range of fetal anomalies. We report on an infant with ENTD multiple cranial-nerve involvement ENTDEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND .Many authors described the effects on the fetus of maternal cocaine abuse during pregnancy. Vasoconstriction appears to be the common mechanism of action leading to a wide range of ENTD fetal anomalies ENTDEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND .Many authors described the effects on the fetus of maternal ENTD cocaine abuse ENTDEND
0	ENTC penicillin ENTCEND induced ENTD epilepsy ENTDEND
1	ENTC penicillin-G ENTCEND injection, and at 10th minutes following each stimulus for analysis in terms of frequency, amplitude, and power spectrum. RESULTS: High frequency hippocampal DBS suppressed the acute penicillin-induced cortical ENTD epileptic ENTDEND
1	ENTC heparin ENTCEND -induced ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND
1	ENTD thrombosis ENTDEND  in patients with ENTC heparin ENTCEND
1	ENTD OAB ENTDEND urinary ENTC PGE2 ENTCEND
0	ENTC PGs ENTCEND in women with ENTD OAB ENTDEND
1	ENTD OAB ENTDEND were examined. RESULTS: Urinary NGF, PGE2 and ENTC PGF2alpha ENTCEND
0	ENTD OAB ENTDEND compared with controls (p <0.05). However, urinary ENTC PGI2 ENTCEND
0	ENTD subarachnoid haemorrhage ENTDEND by a modification of the classical Kety-Schmidt technique using xenon-133 i.v. Anaesthesia was maintained with an inspired ENTC isoflurane ENTCEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND were measured during isoflurane-induced hypotension in 10 patients subjected to craniotomy for clipping of a cerebral aneurysm. Flow and metabolism were measured 5-13 days after the ENTD subarachnoid haemorrhage ENTDEND
0	ENTD subarachnoid haemorrhage ENTDEND by a modification of the classical Kety-Schmidt technique using xenon-133 i.v. Anaesthesia was maintained with an inspired isoflurane concentration of 0.75% (plus 67% nitrous oxide in oxygen), during which CBF and CMRO2 were 34.3 +/- 2.1 ml/100 g min-1 and 2.32 +/- 0.16 ml/100 g min-1 at PaCO2 4.1 +/- 0.1 kPa (mean +/- SEM). Controlled hypotension to an average MAP of 50-55 mm ENTC Hg ENTCEND
0	ENTD subarachnoid haemorrhage ENTDEND by a modification of the classical Kety-Schmidt technique using ENTC xenon ENTCEND
0	ENTD subarachnoid haemorrhage ENTDEND by a modification of the classical Kety-Schmidt technique using xenon-133 i.v. Anaesthesia was maintained with an inspired isoflurane concentration of 0.75% (plus 67% ENTC nitrous oxide ENTCEND
0	ENTD aneurysm ENTDEND the ENTC isoflurane ENTCEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND , during which CBF and CMRO2 were 34.3 +/- 2.1 ml/100 g min-1 and 2.32 +/- 0.16 ml/100 g min-1 at PaCO2 4.1 +/- 0.1 kPa (mean +/- SEM). Controlled hypotension to an average MAP of 50-55 mm Hg was induced by increasing the dose of isoflurane, and maintained at an inspired concentration of 2.2 +/- 0.2%. This resulted in a significant decrease in CMRO2 (to 1.73 +/- 0.16 ml/100 g min-1), while CBF was unchanged. After the clipping of the ENTD aneurysm ENTDEND
0	ENTC Hg ENTCEND was induced by increasing the dose of isoflurane, and maintained at an inspired concentration of 2.2 +/- 0.2%. This resulted in a significant decrease in CMRO2 (to 1.73 +/- 0.16 ml/100 g min-1), while CBF was unchanged. After the clipping of the ENTD aneurysm ENTDEND
0	ENTC xenon ENTCEND 133 i.v. Anaesthesia was maintained with an inspired isoflurane concentration of 0.75% (plus 67% nitrous oxide in oxygen), during which CBF and CMRO2 were 34.3 +/- 2.1 ml/100 g min-1 and 2.32 +/- 0.16 ml/100 g min-1 at PaCO2 4.1 +/- 0.1 kPa (mean +/- SEM). Controlled hypotension to an average MAP of 50-55 mm Hg was induced by increasing the dose of isoflurane, and maintained at an inspired concentration of 2.2 +/- 0.2%. This resulted in a significant decrease in CMRO2 (to 1.73 +/- 0.16 ml/100 g min-1), while CBF was unchanged. After the clipping of the ENTD aneurysm ENTDEND
0	ENTC nitrous oxide ENTCEND in oxygen), during which CBF and CMRO2 were 34.3 +/- 2.1 ml/100 g min-1 and 2.32 +/- 0.16 ml/100 g min-1 at PaCO2 4.1 +/- 0.1 kPa (mean +/- SEM). Controlled hypotension to an average MAP of 50-55 mm Hg was induced by increasing the dose of isoflurane, and maintained at an inspired concentration of 2.2 +/- 0.2%. This resulted in a significant decrease in CMRO2 (to 1.73 +/- 0.16 ml/100 g min-1), while CBF was unchanged. After the clipping of the ENTD aneurysm ENTDEND
1	ENTC isoflurane ENTCEND -induced ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND were measured during isoflurane-induced ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND to an average MAP of 50-55 mm ENTC Hg ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND in 10 patients subjected to craniotomy for clipping of a cerebral aneurysm. Flow and metabolism were measured 5-13 days after the subarachnoid haemorrhage by a modification of the classical Kety-Schmidt technique using ENTC xenon ENTCEND
0	ENTC nitrous oxide ENTCEND in oxygen), during which CBF and CMRO2 were 34.3 +/- 2.1 ml/100 g min-1 and 2.32 +/- 0.16 ml/100 g min-1 at PaCO2 4.1 +/- 0.1 kPa (mean +/- SEM). Controlled ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC isoflurane ENTCEND -induced hypotension in patients subjected to surgery for ENTD cerebral aneurysms ENTDEND
0	ENTD cerebral aneurysms ENTDEND .Cerebral blood flow and cerebral metabolic rate for ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
0	ENTD cerebral aneurysm ENTDEND  Flow and metabolism were measured 5-13 days after the subarachnoid haemorrhage by a modification of the classical Kety-Schmidt technique using xenon-133 i.v. Anaesthesia was maintained with an inspired isoflurane concentration of 0.75% (plus 67% nitrous oxide in oxygen), during which CBF and CMRO2 were 34.3 +/- 2.1 ml/100 g min-1 and 2.32 +/- 0.16 ml/100 g min-1 at PaCO2 4.1 +/- 0.1 kPa (mean +/- SEM). Controlled hypotension to an average MAP of 50-55 mm ENTC Hg ENTCEND
0	ENTD cerebral aneurysm ENTDEND  Flow and metabolism were measured 5-13 days after the subarachnoid haemorrhage by a modification of the classical Kety-Schmidt technique using ENTC xenon ENTCEND
0	ENTD cerebral aneurysm ENTDEND  Flow and metabolism were measured 5-13 days after the subarachnoid haemorrhage by a modification of the classical Kety-Schmidt technique using xenon-133 i.v. Anaesthesia was maintained with an inspired isoflurane concentration of 0.75% (plus 67% ENTC nitrous oxide ENTCEND
0	ENTC glutathione ENTCEND reductase (GSH), an index of oxidative stress process. Coadministration of extract significantly reduced the lipid peroxidation and reversed the decrease in brain SOD, CAT and GSH levels. The results of the present study suggested that Hibiscus rosa sinensis had a protective role against reserpine-induced orofacial ENTD dyskinesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Hibiscus rosa sinensis ENTCEND had a protective role against reserpine-induced orofacial ENTD dyskinesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC superoxide ENTCEND dismutase (SOD), catalase (CAT) and glutathione reductase (GSH), an index of oxidative stress process. Coadministration of extract significantly reduced the lipid peroxidation and reversed the decrease in brain SOD, CAT and GSH levels. The results of the present study suggested that Hibiscus rosa sinensis had a protective role against reserpine-induced orofacial ENTD dyskinesia ENTDEND
1	ENTC reserpine ENTCEND induced orofacial ENTD dyskinesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND demand associated with cocaine-induced increase in rate-pressure product. In other individuals with no underlying atherosclerotic obstruction, ENTD coronary occlusion ENTDEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND induced increase in rate-pressure product. In other individuals with no underlying atherosclerotic obstruction, ENTD coronary occlusion ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND demand associated with cocaine-induced increase in rate-pressure product. In other individuals with no underlying atherosclerotic obstruction, coronary occlusion may be due to spasm, thrombus, or both. With regard to spasm, the clinical findings are largely circumstantial, and the locus of cocaine-induced vasoconstriction remains speculative. Although certain clinical and experimental findings support the hypothesis that spasm involves the epicardial, medium-size vessels, other data suggest intramural vasoconstriction. Diffuse intramural vasoconstriction is not consistent with reports of segmental, discrete ENTD infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTD infarction ENTDEND  Whereas certain in vivo data suggest that these effects are alpha-mediated, other in vitro data suggest the opposite. The finding of ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND demand associated with cocaine-induced increase in rate-pressure product. In other individuals with no underlying atherosclerotic obstruction, coronary occlusion may be due to spasm, ENTD thrombus ENTDEND
0	ENTD thrombotic ENTDEND effect of ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute myocardial infarction ENTDEND may result from an increase in myocardial ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
1	ENTC Cocaine ENTCEND -induced ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND demand associated with cocaine-induced increase in rate-pressure product. In other individuals with no underlying ENTD atherosclerotic obstruction ENTDEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND induced increase in rate-pressure product. In other individuals with no underlying ENTD atherosclerotic obstruction ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND demand associated with cocaine-induced increase in rate-pressure product. In other individuals with no underlying atherosclerotic obstruction, coronary occlusion may be due to ENTD spasm ENTDEND
0	ENTD spasm ENTDEND  the clinical findings are largely circumstantial, and the locus of ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC PILO ENTCEND  model of epilepsy is characterized by an acute period of ENTD status epilepticus ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND like events following high-frequency stimulation in hippocampal slices. The ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND
0	ENTD brain damage ENTDEND  We report peroxidase-antiperoxidase immunostaining for NPY in several brain regions in this model. ENTC PILO ENTCEND
1	ENTC PILO ENTCEND model of ENTD TLE ENTDEND
0	ENTC PILO ENTCEND  model of ENTD epilepsy ENTDEND
1	ENTD haemolytic anaemia ENTDEND  associated with ENTC ciprofloxacin ENTCEND
0	ENTD haemorrhages ENTDEND  No signs of bone marrow depression were found. No thrombi or signs of microangiopathies were observed in arterial vessels. Blood and urine cultures did not show any bacterial growth. This case report shows that ENTC ciprofloxacin ENTCEND
1	ENTC ciprofloxacin ENTCEND may precipitate life-threatening ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND
1	ENTC ciprofloxacin ENTCEND  A 30-year old Caucasian man reported with ENTD abdominal pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD thrombi ENTDEND or signs of microangiopathies were observed in arterial vessels. Blood and urine cultures did not show any bacterial growth. This case report shows that ENTC ciprofloxacin ENTCEND
1	ENTC ciprofloxacin ENTCEND for a suspect of urinary tract infection. Clinical evaluations suggested an initial diagnosis of severe thrombocytopenia and haemolysis. The patient progressively developed ENTD petechiae ENTDEND
0	ENTC ciprofloxacin ENTCEND for a suspect of urinary tract infection. Clinical evaluations suggested an initial diagnosis of severe thrombocytopenia and ENTD haemolysis ENTDEND
0	ENTD bone marrow depression ENTDEND were found. No thrombi or signs of microangiopathies were observed in arterial vessels. Blood and urine cultures did not show any bacterial growth. This case report shows that ENTC ciprofloxacin ENTCEND
1	ENTD jaundice ENTDEND after 3-day administration of oral ENTC ciprofloxacin ENTCEND
0	ENTC ciprofloxacin ENTCEND for a suspect of ENTD urinary tract infection ENTDEND
0	ENTD microangiopathies ENTDEND were observed in arterial vessels. Blood and urine cultures did not show any bacterial growth. This case report shows that ENTC ciprofloxacin ENTCEND
0	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND administration in a 5-year-old boy with ENTD primary cardiomyopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND resulted in the disappearance of the sinoatrial block and the persistence of asymptomatic ENTD sinus bradycardia ENTDEND
1	ENTC Amiodarone ENTCEND -induced ENTD sinoatrial block ENTDEND
0	ENTD supraventricular tachycardia ENTDEND  Reduction in the dosage of ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTD Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome ENTDEND and supraventricular tachycardia. Reduction in the dosage of ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
1	ENTC EACA ENTCEND ) induce ENTD myopathy ENTDEND
1	ENTD necrotizing myopathy ENTDEND due to a short ENTC epsilon-aminocaproic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC EACA ENTCEND  treatment in a 72 year-old patient with ENTD subarachnoid haemorrhage ENTDEND
0	ENTD Adrenaline arrhythmia ENTDEND  which is suppressed by Ca channel blockers, was induced by adrenaline infusion in ENTC halothane ENTCEND
0	ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND  which is suppressed by ENTC Na ENTCEND
0	ENTC pentobarbital ENTCEND anesthetized dogs. ENTD Adrenaline arrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Digitalis ENTCEND ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND
1	ENTC ouabain ENTCEND in pentobarbital-anesthetized dogs. ENTD Adrenaline arrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTC cibenzoline ENTCEND  on canine ENTD ventricular arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTD Adrenaline arrhythmia ENTDEND  which is suppressed by ENTC Ca ENTCEND
1	ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND induced ENTD arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTD poisoning ENTDEND  Atropine- ENTC MK801 ENTCEND
0	ENTC adenosine ENTCEND receptor agonist N(6)-cyclopentyl adenosine (CPA) (2.0 mg/kg BW), NMDA-receptor antagonist dizocilpine maleate (+-MK801 hydrogen maleate) (2.0 mg/kg BW) or their combinations with cholinolytic drug atropine sulfate (50.0 mg/kg BW) immediately or 30 min after the single SC injection of DFP. The control rats received atropine sulfate, but also saline and olive oil instead of other antidotes and DFP, respectively. All rats were terminated either 24 h or 3 weeks after the DFP injection. The rats treated with DFP-atropine showed severe typical OP-induced toxicity signs. When CPA, diazepam or 2PAM was given immediately after DFP-atropine, these treatments prevented, delayed or shortened the occurrence of serious signs of ENTD poisoning ENTDEND
0	ENTC 2PAM ENTCEND in combination with atropine prevented the occurrence of serious signs of ENTD poisoning ENTDEND
0	ENTD poisoning ENTDEND and thus reduced the toxicity of ENTC DFP ENTCEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND and 2PAM in combination with atropine prevented the occurrence of serious signs of ENTD poisoning ENTDEND
0	ENTC OP ENTCEND induced toxicity signs. When CPA, diazepam or 2PAM was given immediately after DFP-atropine, these treatments prevented, delayed or shortened the occurrence of serious signs of ENTD poisoning ENTDEND
0	ENTD poisoning ENTDEND  ENTC Atropine ENTCEND
0	ENTC NMDA ENTCEND receptor antagonist dizocilpine maleate (+-MK801 hydrogen maleate) (2.0 mg/kg BW) or their combinations with cholinolytic drug atropine sulfate (50.0 mg/kg BW) immediately or 30 min after the single SC injection of DFP. The control rats received atropine sulfate, but also saline and olive oil instead of other antidotes and DFP, respectively. All rats were terminated either 24 h or 3 weeks after the DFP injection. The rats treated with DFP-atropine showed severe typical OP-induced toxicity signs. When CPA, diazepam or 2PAM was given immediately after DFP-atropine, these treatments prevented, delayed or shortened the occurrence of serious signs of ENTD poisoning ENTDEND
0	ENTD poisoning ENTDEND  Atropine-MK801 did not offer any additional protection against DFP toxicity. In conclusion, ENTC CPA ENTCEND
0	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND  and prevention of neuropathological damages.Such organophosphorus (OP) compounds as diisopropylfluorophosphate (DFP), sarin and soman are potent inhibitors of acetylcholinesterases (AChEs) and butyrylcholinesterases (BChEs). The acute toxicity of OPs is the result of their irreversible binding with AChEs in the central nervous system (CNS), which elevates acetylcholine (ACh) levels. The protective action of subcutaneously (SC) administered antidotes or their combinations in DFP (2.0 mg/kg BW) intoxication was studied in 9-10-weeks-old Han-Wistar male rats. The rats received AChE reactivator pralidoxime-2-chloride (2PAM) (30.0 mg/kg BW), anticonvulsant diazepam (2.0 mg/kg BW), A(1)-adenosine receptor agonist N(6)-cyclopentyl adenosine (CPA) (2.0 mg/kg BW), NMDA-receptor antagonist ENTC dizocilpine maleate ENTCEND
0	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND  and prevention of neuropathological damages.Such organophosphorus (OP) compounds as diisopropylfluorophosphate (DFP), sarin and soman are potent inhibitors of acetylcholinesterases (AChEs) and butyrylcholinesterases (BChEs). The acute toxicity of OPs is the result of their irreversible binding with AChEs in the central nervous system (CNS), which elevates ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND  and prevention of neuropathological damages.Such organophosphorus (OP) compounds as diisopropylfluorophosphate (DFP), sarin and soman are potent inhibitors of acetylcholinesterases (AChEs) and butyrylcholinesterases (BChEs). The acute toxicity of OPs is the result of their irreversible binding with AChEs in the central nervous system (CNS), which elevates acetylcholine (ACh) levels. The protective action of subcutaneously (SC) administered antidotes or their combinations in DFP (2.0 mg/kg BW) intoxication was studied in 9-10-weeks-old Han-Wistar male rats. The rats received AChE reactivator pralidoxime-2-chloride (2PAM) (30.0 mg/kg BW), anticonvulsant diazepam (2.0 mg/kg BW), A(1)- ENTC adenosine ENTCEND
0	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND  and prevention of neuropathological damages.Such organophosphorus (OP) compounds as diisopropylfluorophosphate (DFP), sarin and ENTC soman ENTCEND
0	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND  and prevention of neuropathological damages.Such organophosphorus (OP) compounds as diisopropylfluorophosphate (DFP), sarin and soman are potent inhibitors of acetylcholinesterases (AChEs) and butyrylcholinesterases (BChEs). The acute toxicity of OPs is the result of their irreversible binding with AChEs in the central nervous system (CNS), which elevates acetylcholine (ACh) levels. The protective action of subcutaneously (SC) administered antidotes or their combinations in DFP (2.0 mg/kg BW) intoxication was studied in 9-10-weeks-old Han-Wistar male rats. The rats received AChE reactivator ENTC pralidoxime-2-chloride ENTCEND
1	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND  and prevention of neuropathological damages.Such organophosphorus (OP) compounds as ENTC diisopropylfluorophosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND  and prevention of neuropathological damages.Such organophosphorus (OP) compounds as diisopropylfluorophosphate (DFP), ENTC sarin ENTCEND
0	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND  and prevention of neuropathological damages.Such organophosphorus (OP) compounds as diisopropylfluorophosphate (DFP), sarin and soman are potent inhibitors of acetylcholinesterases (AChEs) and butyrylcholinesterases (BChEs). The acute toxicity of OPs is the result of their irreversible binding with AChEs in the central nervous system (CNS), which elevates acetylcholine (ACh) levels. The protective action of subcutaneously (SC) administered antidotes or their combinations in DFP (2.0 mg/kg BW) intoxication was studied in 9-10-weeks-old Han-Wistar male rats. The rats received AChE reactivator pralidoxime-2-chloride (2PAM) (30.0 mg/kg BW), anticonvulsant ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTC Organophosphate ENTCEND -induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND  and prevention of neuropathological damages.Such organophosphorus (OP) compounds as diisopropylfluorophosphate (DFP), sarin and soman are potent inhibitors of acetylcholinesterases (AChEs) and butyrylcholinesterases (BChEs). The acute toxicity of OPs is the result of their irreversible binding with AChEs in the central nervous system (CNS), which elevates acetylcholine (ACh) levels. The protective action of subcutaneously (SC) administered antidotes or their combinations in DFP (2.0 mg/kg BW) intoxication was studied in 9-10-weeks-old Han-Wistar male rats. The rats received AChE reactivator pralidoxime-2-chloride (2PAM) (30.0 mg/kg BW), anticonvulsant diazepam (2.0 mg/kg BW), A(1)-adenosine receptor agonist N(6)-cyclopentyl adenosine (CPA) (2.0 mg/kg BW), NMDA-receptor antagonist dizocilpine maleate (+-MK801 hydrogen maleate) (2.0 mg/kg BW) or their combinations with cholinolytic drug ENTC atropine sulfate ENTCEND
0	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND  and prevention of neuropathological damages.Such organophosphorus (OP) compounds as diisopropylfluorophosphate (DFP), sarin and soman are potent inhibitors of acetylcholinesterases (AChEs) and butyrylcholinesterases (BChEs). The acute toxicity of OPs is the result of their irreversible binding with AChEs in the central nervous system (CNS), which elevates acetylcholine (ACh) levels. The protective action of subcutaneously (SC) administered antidotes or their combinations in DFP (2.0 mg/kg BW) intoxication was studied in 9-10-weeks-old Han-Wistar male rats. The rats received AChE reactivator pralidoxime-2-chloride (2PAM) (30.0 mg/kg BW), anticonvulsant diazepam (2.0 mg/kg BW), A(1)-adenosine receptor agonist N(6)-cyclopentyl adenosine (CPA) (2.0 mg/kg BW), ENTC NMDA ENTCEND
0	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND  and prevention of neuropathological damages.Such organophosphorus (OP) compounds as diisopropylfluorophosphate (DFP), sarin and soman are potent inhibitors of acetylcholinesterases (AChEs) and butyrylcholinesterases (BChEs). The acute toxicity of OPs is the result of their irreversible binding with AChEs in the central nervous system (CNS), which elevates acetylcholine (ACh) levels. The protective action of subcutaneously (SC) administered antidotes or their combinations in DFP (2.0 mg/kg BW) intoxication was studied in 9-10-weeks-old Han-Wistar male rats. The rats received AChE reactivator pralidoxime-2-chloride (2PAM) (30.0 mg/kg BW), anticonvulsant diazepam (2.0 mg/kg BW), A(1)-adenosine receptor agonist ENTC N(6)-cyclopentyl adenosine ENTCEND
0	ENTC MK801 ENTCEND did not offer any additional protection against DFP ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of OPs is the result of their irreversible binding with AChEs in the central nervous system (CNS), which elevates ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of OPs is the result of their irreversible binding with AChEs in the central nervous system (CNS), which elevates acetylcholine (ACh) levels. The protective action of subcutaneously (SC) administered antidotes or their combinations in DFP (2.0 mg/kg BW) intoxication was studied in 9-10-weeks-old Han-Wistar male rats. The rats received AChE reactivator pralidoxime-2-chloride (2PAM) (30.0 mg/kg BW), anticonvulsant diazepam (2.0 mg/kg BW), A(1)- ENTC adenosine ENTCEND
0	ENTC soman ENTCEND are potent inhibitors of acetylcholinesterases (AChEs) and butyrylcholinesterases (BChEs). The acute ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND signs. When CPA, diazepam or ENTC 2PAM ENTCEND
0	ENTC DFP ENTCEND ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC sarin ENTCEND and soman are potent inhibitors of acetylcholinesterases (AChEs) and butyrylcholinesterases (BChEs). The acute ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND signs. When CPA, ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of ENTC OPs ENTCEND
0	ENTC atropine ENTCEND showed severe typical OP-induced ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC NMDA ENTCEND receptor antagonist dizocilpine maleate (+-MK801 hydrogen maleate) (2.0 mg/kg BW) or their combinations with cholinolytic drug atropine sulfate (50.0 mg/kg BW) immediately or 30 min after the single SC injection of DFP. The control rats received atropine sulfate, but also saline and olive oil instead of other antidotes and DFP, respectively. All rats were terminated either 24 h or 3 weeks after the DFP injection. The rats treated with DFP-atropine showed severe typical OP-induced ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND signs. When ENTC CPA ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuropathological damages ENTDEND .Such organophosphorus (OP) compounds as diisopropylfluorophosphate (DFP), sarin and soman are potent inhibitors of acetylcholinesterases (AChEs) and butyrylcholinesterases (BChEs). The acute toxicity of OPs is the result of their irreversible binding with AChEs in the central nervous system (CNS), which elevates acetylcholine (ACh) levels. The protective action of subcutaneously (SC) administered antidotes or their combinations in DFP (2.0 mg/kg BW) intoxication was studied in 9-10-weeks-old Han-Wistar male rats. The rats received AChE reactivator pralidoxime-2-chloride (2PAM) (30.0 mg/kg BW), anticonvulsant diazepam (2.0 mg/kg BW), A(1)-adenosine receptor agonist N(6)-cyclopentyl adenosine (CPA) (2.0 mg/kg BW), NMDA-receptor antagonist ENTC dizocilpine maleate ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuropathological damages ENTDEND .Such organophosphorus (OP) compounds as diisopropylfluorophosphate (DFP), sarin and soman are potent inhibitors of acetylcholinesterases (AChEs) and butyrylcholinesterases (BChEs). The acute toxicity of OPs is the result of their irreversible binding with AChEs in the central nervous system (CNS), which elevates ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuropathological damages ENTDEND .Such organophosphorus (OP) compounds as diisopropylfluorophosphate (DFP), sarin and soman are potent inhibitors of acetylcholinesterases (AChEs) and butyrylcholinesterases (BChEs). The acute toxicity of OPs is the result of their irreversible binding with AChEs in the central nervous system (CNS), which elevates acetylcholine (ACh) levels. The protective action of subcutaneously (SC) administered antidotes or their combinations in DFP (2.0 mg/kg BW) intoxication was studied in 9-10-weeks-old Han-Wistar male rats. The rats received AChE reactivator pralidoxime-2-chloride (2PAM) (30.0 mg/kg BW), anticonvulsant diazepam (2.0 mg/kg BW), A(1)- ENTC adenosine ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuropathological damages ENTDEND .Such organophosphorus (OP) compounds as diisopropylfluorophosphate (DFP), sarin and ENTC soman ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuropathological damages ENTDEND .Such organophosphorus (OP) compounds as diisopropylfluorophosphate (DFP), sarin and soman are potent inhibitors of acetylcholinesterases (AChEs) and butyrylcholinesterases (BChEs). The acute toxicity of OPs is the result of their irreversible binding with AChEs in the central nervous system (CNS), which elevates acetylcholine (ACh) levels. The protective action of subcutaneously (SC) administered antidotes or their combinations in DFP (2.0 mg/kg BW) intoxication was studied in 9-10-weeks-old Han-Wistar male rats. The rats received AChE reactivator ENTC pralidoxime-2-chloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuropathological damages ENTDEND .Such organophosphorus (OP) compounds as ENTC diisopropylfluorophosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuropathological damages ENTDEND .Such organophosphorus (OP) compounds as diisopropylfluorophosphate (DFP), ENTC sarin ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuropathological damages ENTDEND .Such organophosphorus (OP) compounds as diisopropylfluorophosphate (DFP), sarin and soman are potent inhibitors of acetylcholinesterases (AChEs) and butyrylcholinesterases (BChEs). The acute toxicity of OPs is the result of their irreversible binding with AChEs in the central nervous system (CNS), which elevates acetylcholine (ACh) levels. The protective action of subcutaneously (SC) administered antidotes or their combinations in DFP (2.0 mg/kg BW) intoxication was studied in 9-10-weeks-old Han-Wistar male rats. The rats received AChE reactivator pralidoxime-2-chloride (2PAM) (30.0 mg/kg BW), anticonvulsant ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuropathological damages ENTDEND .Such ENTC organophosphorus ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuropathological damages ENTDEND .Such organophosphorus (OP) compounds as diisopropylfluorophosphate (DFP), sarin and soman are potent inhibitors of acetylcholinesterases (AChEs) and butyrylcholinesterases (BChEs). The acute toxicity of OPs is the result of their irreversible binding with AChEs in the central nervous system (CNS), which elevates acetylcholine (ACh) levels. The protective action of subcutaneously (SC) administered antidotes or their combinations in DFP (2.0 mg/kg BW) intoxication was studied in 9-10-weeks-old Han-Wistar male rats. The rats received AChE reactivator pralidoxime-2-chloride (2PAM) (30.0 mg/kg BW), anticonvulsant diazepam (2.0 mg/kg BW), A(1)-adenosine receptor agonist N(6)-cyclopentyl adenosine (CPA) (2.0 mg/kg BW), NMDA-receptor antagonist dizocilpine maleate (+-MK801 hydrogen maleate) (2.0 mg/kg BW) or their combinations with cholinolytic drug ENTC atropine sulfate ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuropathological damages ENTDEND .Such organophosphorus (OP) compounds as diisopropylfluorophosphate (DFP), sarin and soman are potent inhibitors of acetylcholinesterases (AChEs) and butyrylcholinesterases (BChEs). The acute toxicity of OPs is the result of their irreversible binding with AChEs in the central nervous system (CNS), which elevates acetylcholine (ACh) levels. The protective action of subcutaneously (SC) administered antidotes or their combinations in DFP (2.0 mg/kg BW) intoxication was studied in 9-10-weeks-old Han-Wistar male rats. The rats received AChE reactivator pralidoxime-2-chloride (2PAM) (30.0 mg/kg BW), anticonvulsant diazepam (2.0 mg/kg BW), A(1)-adenosine receptor agonist N(6)-cyclopentyl adenosine (CPA) (2.0 mg/kg BW), ENTC NMDA ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuropathological damages ENTDEND .Such organophosphorus (OP) compounds as diisopropylfluorophosphate (DFP), sarin and soman are potent inhibitors of acetylcholinesterases (AChEs) and butyrylcholinesterases (BChEs). The acute toxicity of OPs is the result of their irreversible binding with AChEs in the central nervous system (CNS), which elevates acetylcholine (ACh) levels. The protective action of subcutaneously (SC) administered antidotes or their combinations in DFP (2.0 mg/kg BW) intoxication was studied in 9-10-weeks-old Han-Wistar male rats. The rats received AChE reactivator pralidoxime-2-chloride (2PAM) (30.0 mg/kg BW), anticonvulsant diazepam (2.0 mg/kg BW), A(1)-adenosine receptor agonist ENTC N(6)-cyclopentyl adenosine ENTCEND
1	ENTC levofloxacin ENTCEND induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC methysergide ENTCEND by a 48-year-old woman. A brief review of the literature on similar cases is presented. A discussion of the history of ergot includes its original discovery, the epidemics of gangrene that it has caused through the ages and its past and present role in the management of ENTD migraine headache ENTDEND
1	ENTC ergot ENTCEND preparations continue to play a major role in ENTD migraine ENTDEND
0	ENTD migraine headache ENTDEND  Despite the advent of ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC methysergide ENTCEND by a 48-year-old woman. A brief review of the literature on similar cases is presented. A discussion of the history of ergot includes its original discovery, the epidemics of ENTD gangrene ENTDEND
0	ENTC ergot ENTCEND includes its original discovery, the epidemics of ENTD gangrene ENTDEND
0	ENTD gangrene ENTDEND that it has caused through the ages and its past and present role in the management of migraine headache. Despite the advent of ENTC calcium ENTCEND
1	ENTD vasospasm ENTDEND  together with striking angiographic findings, is described secondary to the ingestion of ENTC methysergide ENTCEND
0	ENTD vasospasm ENTDEND  together with striking angiographic findings, is described secondary to the ingestion of methysergide by a 48-year-old woman. A brief review of the literature on similar cases is presented. A discussion of the history of ENTC ergot ENTCEND
0	ENTD vasospasm ENTDEND  together with striking angiographic findings, is described secondary to the ingestion of methysergide by a 48-year-old woman. A brief review of the literature on similar cases is presented. A discussion of the history of ergot includes its original discovery, the epidemics of gangrene that it has caused through the ages and its past and present role in the management of migraine headache. Despite the advent of ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD St. Anthony's fire ENTDEND , then and now: a case report and historical review.A rare case of morbid vasospasm, together with striking angiographic findings, is described secondary to the ingestion of ENTC methysergide ENTCEND
0	ENTC ergot ENTCEND preparations continue to play a major role in migraine therapy, so that the danger of ENTD St. Anthony's fire ENTDEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND channel blockers and beta-adrenergic antagonists, ergot preparations continue to play a major role in migraine therapy, so that the danger of ENTD St. Anthony's fire ENTDEND
0	ENTD liver injury ENTDEND due to this drug combination, mainly represented by a benign cholestatic syndrome. The association of granulomas and eosinophilia favor an immunoallergic mechanism. As ENTC penicillin ENTCEND
0	ENTD liver injury ENTDEND due to this drug combination, mainly represented by a benign cholestatic syndrome. The association of granulomas and eosinophilia favor an immunoallergic mechanism. As penicillin derivatives and amoxicillin alone are known to induce such types of lesions, the amoxicillin component, with or without a potentiating effect of ENTC clavulanic acid ENTCEND
1	ENTC amoxicillin-clavulanic acid ENTCEND induced ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD liver injury ENTDEND due to this drug combination, mainly represented by a benign cholestatic syndrome. The association of granulomas and eosinophilia favor an immunoallergic mechanism. As penicillin derivatives and ENTC amoxicillin ENTCEND
0	ENTD eosinophilia ENTDEND favor an immunoallergic mechanism. As ENTC penicillin ENTCEND
0	ENTD eosinophilia ENTDEND favor an immunoallergic mechanism. As penicillin derivatives and amoxicillin alone are known to induce such types of lesions, the amoxicillin component, with or without a potentiating effect of ENTC clavulanic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC amoxicillin-clavulanic acid ENTCEND induced hepatitis with histologic multiple granulomas. This type of lesion broadens the spectrum of liver injury due to this drug combination, mainly represented by a benign cholestatic syndrome. The association of granulomas and ENTD eosinophilia ENTDEND
0	ENTD eosinophilia ENTDEND favor an immunoallergic mechanism. As penicillin derivatives and ENTC amoxicillin ENTCEND
0	ENTD cholestatic syndrome ENTDEND  The association of granulomas and eosinophilia favor an immunoallergic mechanism. As ENTC penicillin ENTCEND
0	ENTD cholestatic syndrome ENTDEND  The association of granulomas and eosinophilia favor an immunoallergic mechanism. As penicillin derivatives and amoxicillin alone are known to induce such types of lesions, the amoxicillin component, with or without a potentiating effect of ENTC clavulanic acid ENTCEND
1	ENTC amoxicillin-clavulanic acid ENTCEND induced hepatitis with histologic multiple granulomas. This type of lesion broadens the spectrum of liver injury due to this drug combination, mainly represented by a benign ENTD cholestatic syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTD cholestatic syndrome ENTDEND  The association of granulomas and eosinophilia favor an immunoallergic mechanism. As penicillin derivatives and ENTC amoxicillin ENTCEND
0	ENTD granulomas ENTDEND and eosinophilia favor an immunoallergic mechanism. As ENTC penicillin ENTCEND
0	ENTD granulomas ENTDEND and eosinophilia favor an immunoallergic mechanism. As penicillin derivatives and amoxicillin alone are known to induce such types of lesions, the amoxicillin component, with or without a potentiating effect of ENTC clavulanic acid ENTCEND
1	ENTD Granulomatous hepatitis ENTDEND  due to ENTC combination of amoxicillin and clavulanic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD granulomas ENTDEND and eosinophilia favor an immunoallergic mechanism. As penicillin derivatives and ENTC amoxicillin ENTCEND
0	ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND showed significant increases after operation. The results suggest that a prolonged combination of more than 120 min of PGE1-induced hypotension and moderate ENTD haemodilution ENTDEND
0	ENTD Haemodilution ENTDEND in groups B and C was produced by withdrawing approximately 1000 mL of blood and replacing it with the same amount of ENTC dextran ENTCEND
0	ENTD Haemodilution ENTDEND in groups B and C was produced by withdrawing approximately 1000 mL of blood and replacing it with the same amount of dextran solution, and final haematocrit values were 21 or 22%. Controlled hypotension in groups A and C was induced with PGE1 to maintain mean arterial blood pressure at 55 mmHg for 180 min. Measurements included arterial ketone body ratio (AKBR, aceto-acetate/ ENTC 3-hydroxybutyrate ENTCEND
0	ENTC PGE1 ENTCEND -induced hypotension and ENTD haemodilution ENTDEND
0	ENTD Haemodilution ENTDEND in groups B and C was produced by withdrawing approximately 1000 mL of blood and replacing it with the same amount of dextran solution, and final haematocrit values were 21 or 22%. Controlled hypotension in groups A and C was induced with PGE1 to maintain mean arterial blood pressure at 55 mmHg for 180 min. Measurements included arterial ketone body ratio (AKBR, ENTC aceto-acetate ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND and at 60 min (-32%) after recovery of normotension, and SGOT, SGPT, LDH and total ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTC dextran ENTCEND solution, and final haematocrit values were 21 or 22%. Controlled ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND in groups A and C was induced with PGE1 to maintain mean arterial blood pressure at 55 mmHg for 180 min. Measurements included arterial ketone body ratio (AKBR, aceto-acetate/ ENTC 3-hydroxybutyrate ENTCEND
1	ENTC PGE1 ENTCEND induced ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND in groups A and C was induced with PGE1 to maintain mean arterial blood pressure at 55 mmHg for 180 min. Measurements included arterial ketone body ratio (AKBR, ENTC aceto-acetate ENTCEND
0	ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND showed significant increases after operation. The results suggest that a prolonged combination of more than 120 min of PGE1-induced hypotension and moderate haemodilution would cause ENTD impairment of hepatic function ENTDEND
0	ENTC dextran ENTCEND solution, and final haematocrit values were 21 or 22%. Controlled hypotension in groups A and C was induced with PGE1 to maintain mean arterial blood pressure at 55 mmHg for 180 min. Measurements included arterial ketone body ratio (AKBR, aceto-acetate/3-hydroxybutyrate) and clinical hepatic function parameters. AKBR and biological hepatic function tests showed no change throughout the time course in groups A and B. In group C, AKBR showed a significant decrease at 120 min (-40%) and at 180 min (-49%) after the start of hypotension and at 60 min (-32%) after recovery of normotension, and SGOT, SGPT, LDH and total bilirubin showed significant increases after operation. The results suggest that a prolonged combination of more than 120 min of PGE1-induced hypotension and moderate haemodilution would cause ENTD impairment of hepatic function ENTDEND
0	ENTC 3-hydroxybutyrate ENTCEND  and clinical hepatic function parameters. AKBR and biological hepatic function tests showed no change throughout the time course in groups A and B. In group C, AKBR showed a significant decrease at 120 min (-40%) and at 180 min (-49%) after the start of hypotension and at 60 min (-32%) after recovery of normotension, and SGOT, SGPT, LDH and total bilirubin showed significant increases after operation. The results suggest that a prolonged combination of more than 120 min of PGE1-induced hypotension and moderate haemodilution would cause ENTD impairment of hepatic function ENTDEND
1	ENTC PGE1 ENTCEND induced hypotension and moderate haemodilution would cause ENTD impairment of hepatic function ENTDEND
0	ENTC aceto-acetate ENTCEND 3-hydroxybutyrate) and clinical hepatic function parameters. AKBR and biological hepatic function tests showed no change throughout the time course in groups A and B. In group C, AKBR showed a significant decrease at 120 min (-40%) and at 180 min (-49%) after the start of hypotension and at 60 min (-32%) after recovery of normotension, and SGOT, SGPT, LDH and total bilirubin showed significant increases after operation. The results suggest that a prolonged combination of more than 120 min of PGE1-induced hypotension and moderate haemodilution would cause ENTD impairment of hepatic function ENTDEND
0	ENTD numbness ENTDEND in his right foot. Electromyogram and nerve-conduction studies showed peripheral neuropathy in both peroneal nerves. This neuropathy was gradually resolving; however, after the patient received allogeneic bone marrow transplantation, the symptoms worsened, with the development of graft-versus-host disease, and the symptoms subsequently responded to ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
0	ENTC cytosine arabinoside ENTCEND resulted in no unusual symptoms, but on day 21 of the second course of treatment, the patient complained of ENTD numbness ENTDEND
0	ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND  Although the mechanisms of ENTD peripheral neuropathy ENTDEND
1	ENTD Peripheral neuropathy ENTDEND  caused by high-dose ENTC cytosine arabinoside ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of cytosine arabinoside in the peripheral nervous system has been infrequently reported. A 49-year-old Japanese man was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia. After he achieved complete remission, he received high-dose cytosine arabinoside treatment (2 g/m2 twice a day for 5 days; total, 20 g/m2) as consolidation therapy. The first course of high-dose cytosine arabinoside resulted in no unusual symptoms, but on day 21 of the second course of treatment, the patient complained of numbness in his right foot. Electromyogram and nerve-conduction studies showed peripheral neuropathy in both peroneal nerves. This neuropathy was gradually resolving; however, after the patient received allogeneic bone marrow transplantation, the symptoms worsened, with the development of graft-versus-host disease, and the symptoms subsequently responded to ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of ENTC cytosine arabinoside ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND was gradually resolving; however, after the patient received allogeneic bone marrow transplantation, the symptoms worsened, with the development of graft-versus-host disease, and the symptoms subsequently responded to ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
0	ENTC cytosine arabinoside ENTCEND resulted in no unusual symptoms, but on day 21 of the second course of treatment, the patient complained of numbness in his right foot. Electromyogram and nerve-conduction studies showed peripheral neuropathy in both peroneal nerves. This ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD graft-versus-host disease ENTDEND  and the symptoms subsequently responded to ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
0	ENTD graft-versus-host disease ENTDEND  and the symptoms subsequently responded to methylprednisolone. Although the mechanisms of peripheral neuropathy are still unclear, high-dose ENTC cytosine arabinoside ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute myeloid leukemia ENTDEND  After he achieved complete remission, he received high-dose cytosine arabinoside treatment (2 g/m2 twice a day for 5 days; total, 20 g/m2) as consolidation therapy. The first course of high-dose cytosine arabinoside resulted in no unusual symptoms, but on day 21 of the second course of treatment, the patient complained of numbness in his right foot. Electromyogram and nerve-conduction studies showed peripheral neuropathy in both peroneal nerves. This neuropathy was gradually resolving; however, after the patient received allogeneic bone marrow transplantation, the symptoms worsened, with the development of graft-versus-host disease, and the symptoms subsequently responded to ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
0	ENTC cytosine arabinoside ENTCEND  treatment in a patient with ENTD acute myeloid leukemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC naloxone ENTCEND also decreased ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
1	ENTC morphine ENTCEND ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC hexamethonium ENTCEND to mice reduced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC atropine ENTCEND  hexamethonium, and naloxone also decreased ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
1	ENTC nicotine ENTCEND on ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC mecamylamine ENTCEND  and hexamethonium to mice reduced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurological deficit ENTDEND  following intrathecal injection of 1% hyperbaric ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND
1	ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND slowly injected through a 25-gauge pencil-point spinal needle. The surgery and anaesthesia were uneventful, but 3 days after surgery, the patient reported an area of hypoaesthesia over L3-L4 dermatomes of the leg which had been operated on ( ENTD loss of pinprick sensation ENTDEND
0	ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND  symptoms in an outpatient ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND induced mood disorder (CIMD), other mood disorders, or no mood disorder were compared on measures of psychiatric symptoms. The prevalence rate for CIMD was 12% at baseline. Introduction of the DSM-IV diagnosis of CIMD did not substantially affect rates of the other ENTD depressive disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND induced mood disorder ( ENTD CIMD ENTDEND
1	ENTD mood disorders ENTDEND  243 ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND  This patient had hearing threshold changes (15-20 dB) at 6-10 kHz on the opposite side also. IBPB may cause transient ENTD auditory dysfunction ENTDEND
1	ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND was given followed by a 24-hr continuous infusion of 0.25% bupivacaine. Three audiometric threshold measurements (0.25-18 kHz) were made: the first before IBPB, the second 2-6 h after surgery and the third on the first day after operation. In four patients ENTD hearing impairment ENTDEND
1	ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND  Three audiometric threshold measurements (0.25-18 kHz) were made: the first before IBPB, the second 2-6 h after surgery and the third on the first day after operation. In four patients ENTD hearing impairment ENTDEND
1	ENTD aplastic anemia ENTDEND  due to ENTC indomethacin ENTCEND
0	ENTD aplastic anemia ENTDEND is described in which no drugs other than ENTC allopurinol ENTCEND
0	ENTD cerebral infarction ENTDEND  Streptomycin was administered to the inner ear by osmotic pump for 24 h, and ENTC edaravone ENTCEND
0	ENTD cerebral infarction ENTDEND  ENTC Streptomycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD vestibulotoxicity ENTDEND by ENTC edaravone ENTCEND
1	ENTC streptomycin ENTCEND -induced ENTD vestibulotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD anemia ENTDEND by physical examination and laboratory tests at baseline and 4 subsequent intervals (1, 2, 3 and 6 months post-CAB). Hb, PSA and ENTC Testosterone ENTCEND
1	ENTC LHRH-A ENTCEND  3.75 mg, intramuscularly, every 28 days plus 250 mg flutamide, tid, per Os] and were evaluated for ENTD anemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC flutamide ENTCEND  tid, per Os] and were evaluated for ENTD anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD prostate cancer ENTDEND patients without bone involvement. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Forty-two patients with biopsy-proven prostatic adenocarcinoma [26 with stage C (T3N0M0) and 16 with stage D1 (T3N1M0)] were included in this study. All patients received CAB [leuprolide acetate (LHRH-A) 3.75 mg, intramuscularly, every 28 days plus 250 mg flutamide, tid, per Os] and were evaluated for anemia by physical examination and laboratory tests at baseline and 4 subsequent intervals (1, 2, 3 and 6 months post-CAB). Hb, PSA and ENTC Testosterone ENTCEND
0	ENTD prostate cancer ENTDEND patients without bone involvement. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Forty-two patients with biopsy-proven prostatic adenocarcinoma [26 with stage C (T3N0M0) and 16 with stage D1 (T3N1M0)] were included in this study. All patients received CAB [ ENTC leuprolide acetate ENTCEND
0	ENTD prostate cancer ENTDEND patients without bone involvement. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Forty-two patients with biopsy-proven prostatic adenocarcinoma [26 with stage C (T3N0M0) and 16 with stage D1 (T3N1M0)] were included in this study. All patients received CAB [leuprolide acetate (LHRH-A) 3.75 mg, intramuscularly, every 28 days plus 250 mg ENTC flutamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD prostatic adenocarcinoma ENTDEND [26 with stage C (T3N0M0) and 16 with stage D1 (T3N1M0)] were included in this study. All patients received CAB [leuprolide acetate (LHRH-A) 3.75 mg, intramuscularly, every 28 days plus 250 mg flutamide, tid, per Os] and were evaluated for anemia by physical examination and laboratory tests at baseline and 4 subsequent intervals (1, 2, 3 and 6 months post-CAB). Hb, PSA and ENTC Testosterone ENTCEND
0	ENTD prostatic adenocarcinoma ENTDEND [26 with stage C (T3N0M0) and 16 with stage D1 (T3N1M0)] were included in this study. All patients received CAB [ ENTC leuprolide acetate ENTCEND
0	ENTD prostatic adenocarcinoma ENTDEND [26 with stage C (T3N0M0) and 16 with stage D1 (T3N1M0)] were included in this study. All patients received CAB [leuprolide acetate (LHRH-A) 3.75 mg, intramuscularly, every 28 days plus 250 mg ENTC flutamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD diabetes insipidus ENTDEND  rat.The expression of ENTC arginine vasopressin ENTCEND
0	ENTC vasopressin ENTCEND  gene in the paraventricular and supraoptic nuclei of the lithium-induced ENTD diabetes insipidus ENTDEND
0	ENTD diabetes insipidus ENTDEND  rat.The expression of arginine vasopressin (AVP) gene in the paraventricular (PVN) and supraoptic nuclei (SON) was investigated in rats with lithium (Li)-induced polyuria, using in situ hybridization histochemistry and radioimmunoassay. The male Wistar rats consuming a diet that contained LiCl (60 mmol/kg) for 4 weeks developed marked polyuria. The Li-treated rats produced a large volume of hypotonic urine with low ionic concentrations. Plasma ENTC sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTC Li ENTCEND induced ENTD diabetes insipidus ENTDEND
0	ENTD diabetes insipidus ENTDEND  rat.The expression of arginine vasopressin (AVP) gene in the paraventricular (PVN) and supraoptic nuclei (SON) was investigated in rats with lithium (Li)-induced polyuria, using in situ hybridization histochemistry and radioimmunoassay. The male Wistar rats consuming a diet that contained ENTC LiCl ENTCEND
0	ENTD dehydration ENTDEND and/or the activation of visceral afferent inputs may contribute to the elevation of plasma ENTC AVP ENTCEND
0	ENTC vasopressin ENTCEND  gene in the paraventricular and supraoptic nuclei of the lithium-induced diabetes insipidus rat.The expression of arginine vasopressin (AVP) gene in the paraventricular (PVN) and supraoptic nuclei (SON) was investigated in rats with lithium (Li)-induced polyuria, using in situ hybridization histochemistry and radioimmunoassay. The male Wistar rats consuming a diet that contained LiCl (60 mmol/kg) for 4 weeks developed marked polyuria. The Li-treated rats produced a large volume of hypotonic urine with low ionic concentrations. Plasma sodium concentrations were found to be slightly increased in the Li-treated rats compared with those in controls. Plasma concentration of AVP and transcripts of AVP gene in the PVN and SON were significantly increased in the Li-treated rats compared with controls. These results suggest that ENTD dehydration ENTDEND
0	ENTC sodium ENTCEND concentrations were found to be slightly increased in the Li-treated rats compared with those in controls. Plasma concentration of AVP and transcripts of AVP gene in the PVN and SON were significantly increased in the Li-treated rats compared with controls. These results suggest that ENTD dehydration ENTDEND
0	ENTC Li ENTCEND treated rats compared with controls. These results suggest that ENTD dehydration ENTDEND
0	ENTC LiCl ENTCEND (60 mmol/kg) for 4 weeks developed marked polyuria. The Li-treated rats produced a large volume of hypotonic urine with low ionic concentrations. Plasma sodium concentrations were found to be slightly increased in the Li-treated rats compared with those in controls. Plasma concentration of AVP and transcripts of AVP gene in the PVN and SON were significantly increased in the Li-treated rats compared with controls. These results suggest that ENTD dehydration ENTDEND
0	ENTC AVP ENTCEND  gene in the paraventricular (PVN) and supraoptic nuclei (SON) was investigated in rats with lithium (Li)-induced ENTD polyuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC vasopressin ENTCEND  gene in the paraventricular and supraoptic nuclei of the lithium-induced diabetes insipidus rat.The expression of arginine vasopressin (AVP) gene in the paraventricular (PVN) and supraoptic nuclei (SON) was investigated in rats with lithium (Li)-induced ENTD polyuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD polyuria ENTDEND  The Li-treated rats produced a large volume of hypotonic urine with low ionic concentrations. Plasma ENTC sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTD polyuria ENTDEND  The ENTC Li ENTCEND
1	ENTC LiCl ENTCEND (60 mmol/kg) for 4 weeks developed marked ENTD polyuria ENTDEND
1	ENTD Hallucinations ENTDEND  and ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD hallucinatory ENTDEND experiences appear to be an unusual feature of this presentation. Patients anxious about this experience respond well to support and education about this occurrence. Optimal pharmacologic management of disturbed patients is unclear. If agitation becomes marked, high-potency neuroleptics (i.e., ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND
0	ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND -induced ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND  "Eyes-closed" hallucinatory experiences appear to be an unusual feature of this presentation. Patients anxious about this experience respond well to support and education about this occurrence. Optimal pharmacologic management of disturbed patients is unclear. If agitation becomes marked, high-potency neuroleptics (i.e., ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND
0	ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND induced hallucinations, which may occur without other signs of neurotoxicity. "Eyes-closed" hallucinatory experiences appear to be an unusual feature of this presentation. Patients anxious about this experience respond well to support and education about this occurrence. Optimal pharmacologic management of disturbed patients is unclear. If ENTD agitation ENTDEND
0	ENTD agitation ENTDEND becomes marked, high-potency neuroleptics (i.e., ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND
1	ENTC troleandomycin ENTCEND induced ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND
1	ENTD Jaundice ENTDEND occurred after administration of ENTC troleandomycin ENTCEND
1	ENTC troleandomycin ENTCEND for 7 days and was associated with ENTD hypereosinophilia ENTDEND
1	ENTD cholestasis ENTDEND  after ENTC troleandomycin ENTCEND
1	ENTC troleandomycin ENTCEND for 7 days and was associated with hypereosinophilia. Jaundice disappeared within 3 months but was followed by prolonged anicteric cholestasis marked by ENTD pruritus ENTDEND
1	ENTC Doxorubicin ENTCEND ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD tumor ENTDEND bed and conventional dosage of ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND cardiomyopathy after irradiation to the ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC Doxorubicin ENTCEND  cardiomyopathy in children with left-sided ENTD Wilms tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTD Wilms tumor ENTDEND of the left kidney experienced severe ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND
0	ENTC SNP ENTCEND groups, respectively, during hypotension (P less than 0.02). It is concluded that increases in the SPV and the delta down are characteristic of a hypotensive state due to a predominant decrease in preload. They are thus more important during absolute ENTD hypovolemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD HEM ENTDEND and ENTC SNP ENTCEND
1	ENTC sodium nitroprusside ENTCEND -induced ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD anemia ENTDEND who were receiving ENTC iron ENTCEND
0	ENTD anemia ENTDEND who were receiving iron chelation therapy with daily subcutaneous ENTC deferoxamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC iron ENTCEND chelation therapy with daily subcutaneous deferoxamine. Twenty-two patients in the affected group had ENTD abnormal audiograms with deficits mostly in the high frequency range of 4,000 to 8,000 Hz ENTDEND
1	ENTC deferoxamine ENTCEND  Twenty-two patients in the affected group had ENTD abnormal audiograms with deficits mostly in the high frequency range of 4,000 to 8,000 Hz ENTDEND
0	ENTD Visual and auditory neurotoxicity ENTDEND was previously documented in 42 of 89 patients with transfusion-dependent anemia who were receiving ENTC iron ENTCEND
0	ENTC deferoxamine ENTCEND administration and ENTD ototoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC iron ENTCEND chelation therapy with daily subcutaneous deferoxamine. Twenty-two patients in the affected group had abnormal audiograms with deficits mostly in the high frequency range of 4,000 to 8,000 Hz and in the hearing threshold levels of 30 to 100 decibels. When deferoxamine therapy was discontinued and serial studies were performed, audiograms in seven cases reverted to normal or near normal within two to three weeks, and nine of 13 patients with symptoms became asymptomatic. Audiograms from 15 patients remained abnormal and four patients required hearing aids because of ENTD permanent disability ENTDEND
0	ENTD permanent disability ENTDEND  Since 18 of the 22 patients were initially receiving ENTC deferoxamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC iron ENTCEND chelation therapy with daily subcutaneous deferoxamine. Twenty-two patients in the affected group had abnormal audiograms with deficits mostly in the high frequency range of 4,000 to 8,000 Hz and in the hearing threshold levels of 30 to 100 decibels. When deferoxamine therapy was discontinued and serial studies were performed, audiograms in seven cases reverted to normal or near normal within two to three weeks, and nine of 13 patients with symptoms became asymptomatic. Audiograms from 15 patients remained abnormal and four patients required hearing aids because of permanent disability. Since 18 of the 22 patients were initially receiving deferoxamine doses in excess of the commonly recommended 50 mg/kg per dose, therapy was restarted with lower doses, usually 50 mg/kg per dose or less depending on the degree of auditory abnormality, and with the exception of two cases no further ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC deferoxamine ENTCEND  A dose of 50 mg/kg is recommended in those without audiogram abnormalities. With mild ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC deferoxamine ENTCEND to 25 mg/kg per dose with careful monitoring. In those with symptoms of ENTD hearing loss ENTDEND
0	ENTD Visual and auditory neurotoxicity ENTDEND was previously documented in 42 of 89 patients with transfusion-dependent anemia who were receiving ENTC iron ENTCEND
1	ENTC deferoxamine ENTCEND  therapy. ENTD Visual and auditory neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD dementia ENTDEND  models.To develop a novel and effective drug that could enhance cognitive function and neuroprotection, we newly synthesized maltolyl p-coumarate by the esterification of maltol and p-coumaric acid. In the present study, we investigated whether maltolyl p-coumarate could improve cognitive decline in scopolamine-injected rats and in ENTC amyloid beta peptide(1-42) ENTCEND
0	ENTD dementia ENTDEND  models.To develop a novel and effective drug that could enhance cognitive function and neuroprotection, we newly synthesized maltolyl p-coumarate by the esterification of maltol and ENTC p-coumaric acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD dementia ENTDEND  models.To develop a novel and effective drug that could enhance cognitive function and neuroprotection, we newly synthesized maltolyl p-coumarate by the esterification of ENTC maltol ENTCEND
0	ENTD dementia ENTDEND  models.To develop a novel and effective drug that could enhance cognitive function and neuroprotection, we newly synthesized maltolyl p-coumarate by the esterification of maltol and p-coumaric acid. In the present study, we investigated whether maltolyl p-coumarate could improve cognitive decline in ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD dementia ENTDEND  models.To develop a novel and effective drug that could enhance cognitive function and neuroprotection, we newly synthesized maltolyl p-coumarate by the esterification of maltol and p-coumaric acid. In the present study, we investigated whether maltolyl p-coumarate could improve cognitive decline in scopolamine-injected rats and in amyloid beta peptide(1-42)-infused rats. Maltolyl p-coumarate was found to attenuate cognitive deficits in both rat models using passive avoidance test and to reduce apoptotic cell death observed in the hippocampus of the amyloid beta peptide(1-42)-infused rats. We also examined the neuroprotective effects of maltolyl p-coumarate in vitro using SH-SY5Y cells. Cells were pretreated with maltolyl p-coumarate, before exposed to amyloid beta peptide(1-42), glutamate or ENTC H2O2 ENTCEND
0	ENTC maltolyl p-coumarate ENTCEND , attenuates cognitive deficits and shows neuroprotective effects in vitro and in vivo ENTD dementia ENTDEND
0	ENTD dementia ENTDEND  models.To develop a novel and effective drug that could enhance cognitive function and neuroprotection, we newly synthesized maltolyl p-coumarate by the esterification of maltol and p-coumaric acid. In the present study, we investigated whether maltolyl p-coumarate could improve cognitive decline in scopolamine-injected rats and in amyloid beta peptide(1-42)-infused rats. Maltolyl p-coumarate was found to attenuate cognitive deficits in both rat models using passive avoidance test and to reduce apoptotic cell death observed in the hippocampus of the amyloid beta peptide(1-42)-infused rats. We also examined the neuroprotective effects of maltolyl p-coumarate in vitro using SH-SY5Y cells. Cells were pretreated with maltolyl p-coumarate, before exposed to amyloid beta peptide(1-42), ENTC glutamate ENTCEND
0	ENTD cognitive decline ENTDEND in scopolamine-injected rats and in ENTC amyloid beta peptide(1-42) ENTCEND
0	ENTC p-coumaric acid ENTCEND  In the present study, we investigated whether maltolyl p-coumarate could improve ENTD cognitive decline ENTDEND
0	ENTC maltol ENTCEND and p-coumaric acid. In the present study, we investigated whether maltolyl p-coumarate could improve ENTD cognitive decline ENTDEND
1	ENTD cognitive decline ENTDEND in ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cognitive deficits ENTDEND in both rat models using passive avoidance test and to reduce apoptotic cell death observed in the hippocampus of the amyloid beta peptide(1-42)-infused rats. We also examined the neuroprotective effects of maltolyl p-coumarate in vitro using SH-SY5Y cells. Cells were pretreated with maltolyl p-coumarate, before exposed to amyloid beta peptide(1-42), glutamate or ENTC H2O2 ENTCEND
0	ENTC maltolyl p-coumarate ENTCEND , attenuates ENTD cognitive deficits ENTDEND
0	ENTD cognitive deficits ENTDEND in both rat models using passive avoidance test and to reduce apoptotic cell death observed in the hippocampus of the amyloid beta peptide(1-42)-infused rats. We also examined the neuroprotective effects of maltolyl p-coumarate in vitro using SH-SY5Y cells. Cells were pretreated with maltolyl p-coumarate, before exposed to amyloid beta peptide(1-42), ENTC glutamate ENTCEND
0	ENTC amyloid beta peptide(1-42) ENTCEND  glutamate or H2O2. We found that maltolyl p-coumarate significantly decreased apoptotic cell death and reduced reactive oxygen species, cytochrome c release, and caspase 3 activation. Taking these in vitro and in vivo results together, our study suggests that maltolyl p-coumarate is a potentially effective candidate against ENTD Alzheimer's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND injected rats and in amyloid beta peptide(1-42)-infused rats. Maltolyl p-coumarate was found to attenuate cognitive deficits in both rat models using passive avoidance test and to reduce apoptotic cell death observed in the hippocampus of the amyloid beta peptide(1-42)-infused rats. We also examined the neuroprotective effects of maltolyl p-coumarate in vitro using SH-SY5Y cells. Cells were pretreated with maltolyl p-coumarate, before exposed to amyloid beta peptide(1-42), glutamate or H2O2. We found that maltolyl p-coumarate significantly decreased apoptotic cell death and reduced reactive oxygen species, cytochrome c release, and caspase 3 activation. Taking these in vitro and in vivo results together, our study suggests that maltolyl p-coumarate is a potentially effective candidate against ENTD Alzheimer's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC H2O2 ENTCEND  We found that maltolyl p-coumarate significantly decreased apoptotic cell death and reduced reactive oxygen species, cytochrome c release, and caspase 3 activation. Taking these in vitro and in vivo results together, our study suggests that maltolyl p-coumarate is a potentially effective candidate against ENTD Alzheimer's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC maltolyl p-coumarate ENTCEND is a potentially effective candidate against ENTD Alzheimer's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC glutamate ENTCEND or H2O2. We found that maltolyl p-coumarate significantly decreased apoptotic cell death and reduced reactive oxygen species, cytochrome c release, and caspase 3 activation. Taking these in vitro and in vivo results together, our study suggests that maltolyl p-coumarate is a potentially effective candidate against ENTD Alzheimer's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC amyloid beta peptide(1-42) ENTCEND  glutamate or H2O2. We found that maltolyl p-coumarate significantly decreased apoptotic cell death and reduced reactive oxygen species, cytochrome c release, and caspase 3 activation. Taking these in vitro and in vivo results together, our study suggests that maltolyl p-coumarate is a potentially effective candidate against Alzheimer's disease that is characterized by wide spread ENTD neuronal death ENTDEND
0	ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND injected rats and in amyloid beta peptide(1-42)-infused rats. Maltolyl p-coumarate was found to attenuate cognitive deficits in both rat models using passive avoidance test and to reduce apoptotic cell death observed in the hippocampus of the amyloid beta peptide(1-42)-infused rats. We also examined the neuroprotective effects of maltolyl p-coumarate in vitro using SH-SY5Y cells. Cells were pretreated with maltolyl p-coumarate, before exposed to amyloid beta peptide(1-42), glutamate or H2O2. We found that maltolyl p-coumarate significantly decreased apoptotic cell death and reduced reactive oxygen species, cytochrome c release, and caspase 3 activation. Taking these in vitro and in vivo results together, our study suggests that maltolyl p-coumarate is a potentially effective candidate against Alzheimer's disease that is characterized by wide spread ENTD neuronal death ENTDEND
0	ENTC H2O2 ENTCEND  We found that maltolyl p-coumarate significantly decreased apoptotic cell death and reduced reactive oxygen species, cytochrome c release, and caspase 3 activation. Taking these in vitro and in vivo results together, our study suggests that maltolyl p-coumarate is a potentially effective candidate against Alzheimer's disease that is characterized by wide spread ENTD neuronal death ENTDEND
0	ENTC maltolyl p-coumarate ENTCEND is a potentially effective candidate against Alzheimer's disease that is characterized by wide spread ENTD neuronal death ENTDEND
0	ENTC glutamate ENTCEND or H2O2. We found that maltolyl p-coumarate significantly decreased apoptotic cell death and reduced reactive oxygen species, cytochrome c release, and caspase 3 activation. Taking these in vitro and in vivo results together, our study suggests that maltolyl p-coumarate is a potentially effective candidate against Alzheimer's disease that is characterized by wide spread ENTD neuronal death ENTDEND
1	ENTD impotence ENTDEND while taking ENTC cimetidine ENTCEND
0	ENTD impotence ENTDEND while taking cimetidine and in all cases these changes disappeared when cimetidine was replaced by ranitidine. Treatment with high doses of cimetidine (one to 60 months; median, 11 months) or ranitidine (two to 31 months; median, 14 months) was not associated with hepatic or hematologic toxicity or alterations of serum gastrin concentrations, but ranitidine therapy was associated with a significantly lower serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTC ranitidine ENTCEND and 3.6 g per day for cimetidine). Sixty percent of the males developed breast changes or ENTD impotence ENTDEND
0	ENTC histamine ENTCEND receptor antagonists ranitidine and cimetidine were compared for their abilities to control gastric acid hypersecretion on a short- and long-term basis in 22 patients with gastric acid hypersecretory states. Nineteen patients had Zollinger-Ellison syndrome, one patient had systemic mastocytosis, and two patients had idiopathic hypersecretion. The rates of onset of the action of cimetidine and ranitidine were the same. The actions of both drugs were increased by anticholinergic agents, and there was a close correlation between the daily maintenance dose of each drug needed to control acid secretion. However, ranitidine was threefold more potent than cimetidine both in acute inhibition studies and in the median maintenance dose needed (1.2 g per day for ranitidine and 3.6 g per day for cimetidine). Sixty percent of the males developed breast changes or ENTD impotence ENTDEND
0	ENTC cimetidine ENTCEND (one to 60 months; median, 11 months) or ranitidine (two to 31 months; median, 14 months) was not associated with ENTD hepatic or hematologic toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hepatic or hematologic toxicity ENTDEND or alterations of serum gastrin concentrations, but ranitidine therapy was associated with a significantly lower serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hepatic or hematologic toxicity ENTDEND or alterations of serum gastrin concentrations, but ENTC ranitidine ENTCEND
0	ENTD systemic mastocytosis ENTDEND  and two patients had idiopathic hypersecretion. The rates of onset of the action of ENTC cimetidine ENTCEND
0	ENTD systemic mastocytosis ENTDEND  and two patients had idiopathic hypersecretion. The rates of onset of the action of cimetidine and ranitidine were the same. The actions of both drugs were increased by anticholinergic agents, and there was a close correlation between the daily maintenance dose of each drug needed to control acid secretion. However, ranitidine was threefold more potent than cimetidine both in acute inhibition studies and in the median maintenance dose needed (1.2 g per day for ranitidine and 3.6 g per day for cimetidine). Sixty percent of the males developed breast changes or impotence while taking cimetidine and in all cases these changes disappeared when cimetidine was replaced by ranitidine. Treatment with high doses of cimetidine (one to 60 months; median, 11 months) or ranitidine (two to 31 months; median, 14 months) was not associated with hepatic or hematologic toxicity or alterations of serum gastrin concentrations, but ranitidine therapy was associated with a significantly lower serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD systemic mastocytosis ENTDEND  and two patients had idiopathic hypersecretion. The rates of onset of the action of cimetidine and ENTC ranitidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC histamine ENTCEND receptor antagonists ranitidine and cimetidine were compared for their abilities to control gastric acid hypersecretion on a short- and long-term basis in 22 patients with gastric acid hypersecretory states. Nineteen patients had Zollinger-Ellison syndrome, one patient had ENTD systemic mastocytosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD Zollinger-Ellison syndrome ENTDEND  one patient had systemic mastocytosis, and two patients had idiopathic hypersecretion. The rates of onset of the action of ENTC cimetidine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Zollinger-Ellison syndrome ENTDEND  one patient had systemic mastocytosis, and two patients had idiopathic hypersecretion. The rates of onset of the action of cimetidine and ranitidine were the same. The actions of both drugs were increased by anticholinergic agents, and there was a close correlation between the daily maintenance dose of each drug needed to control acid secretion. However, ranitidine was threefold more potent than cimetidine both in acute inhibition studies and in the median maintenance dose needed (1.2 g per day for ranitidine and 3.6 g per day for cimetidine). Sixty percent of the males developed breast changes or impotence while taking cimetidine and in all cases these changes disappeared when cimetidine was replaced by ranitidine. Treatment with high doses of cimetidine (one to 60 months; median, 11 months) or ranitidine (two to 31 months; median, 14 months) was not associated with hepatic or hematologic toxicity or alterations of serum gastrin concentrations, but ranitidine therapy was associated with a significantly lower serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Zollinger-Ellison syndrome ENTDEND  one patient had systemic mastocytosis, and two patients had idiopathic hypersecretion. The rates of onset of the action of cimetidine and ENTC ranitidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC histamine ENTCEND receptor antagonists ranitidine and cimetidine were compared for their abilities to control gastric acid hypersecretion on a short- and long-term basis in 22 patients with gastric acid hypersecretory states. Nineteen patients had ENTD Zollinger-Ellison syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC cimetidine ENTCEND (one to 60 months; median, 11 months) or ranitidine (two to 31 months; median, 14 months) was not associated with ENTD hepatic or hematologic toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hepatic or hematologic toxicity ENTDEND or alterations of serum gastrin concentrations, but ranitidine therapy was associated with a significantly lower serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hepatic or hematologic toxicity ENTDEND or alterations of serum gastrin concentrations, but ENTC ranitidine ENTCEND
0	ENTD learning impairment ENTDEND by chronic morphine administration and the mechanism responsible for this effect. Male rats were subcutaneously injected with morphine (10 mg/kg) twice a day at 12 hour intervals for 10 days, and Rg1 (30 mg/kg) was intraperitoneally injected 2 hours after the second injection of morphine once a day for 10 days. Spatial learning capacity was assessed in the Morris water maze. The results showed that rats treated with Morphine/Rg1 decreased escape latency and increased the time spent in platform quadrant and entering frequency. By implantation of electrodes and electrophysiological recording in vivo, the results showed that Rg1 restored the long-term potentiation (LTP) impaired by morphine in both freely moving and anaesthetised rats. The electrophysiological recording in vitro showed that Rg1 restored the LTP in slices from the rats treated with morphine, but not changed LTP in the slices from normal saline- or morphine/Rg1-treated rats; this restoration could be inhibited by N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist ENTC MK801 ENTCEND
1	ENTD learning impairment ENTDEND by chronic ENTC morphine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Rg1 ENTCEND on ENTD learning impairment ENTDEND
0	ENTD learning impairment ENTDEND by chronic morphine administration and the mechanism responsible for this effect. Male rats were subcutaneously injected with morphine (10 mg/kg) twice a day at 12 hour intervals for 10 days, and Rg1 (30 mg/kg) was intraperitoneally injected 2 hours after the second injection of morphine once a day for 10 days. Spatial learning capacity was assessed in the Morris water maze. The results showed that rats treated with Morphine/Rg1 decreased escape latency and increased the time spent in platform quadrant and entering frequency. By implantation of electrodes and electrophysiological recording in vivo, the results showed that Rg1 restored the long-term potentiation (LTP) impaired by morphine in both freely moving and anaesthetised rats. The electrophysiological recording in vitro showed that Rg1 restored the LTP in slices from the rats treated with morphine, but not changed LTP in the slices from normal saline- or morphine/Rg1-treated rats; this restoration could be inhibited by ENTC N-methyl-D-aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTC ginsenoside ENTCEND extracted from Panax ginseng, could ameliorate spatial ENTD learning impairment ENTDEND
1	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND induced effects by Ro15-1788 was investigated postoperatively in a double-blind placebo-controlled trial. The patient's subjective assessment of mood rating, an objective test of performance, a test for ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD amnesia ENTDEND  or vital signs. The ENTC Ro15-1788 ENTCEND
1	ENTC propofol ENTCEND  injection ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND in ambulatory patients whereas ENTC thiopentone ENTCEND
0	ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND reduces the incidence and severity of propofol injection ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC propofol ENTCEND administration using an infusion pump (rate 1000 micrograms.kg-1.min-1). ENTD Loss of consciousness ENTDEND
0	ENTC thiopentone ENTCEND 2.5% (50 mg). Venous discomfort was assessed with a visual analogue scale (VAS) 5-15 sec after commencing propofol administration using an infusion pump (rate 1000 micrograms.kg-1.min-1). ENTD Loss of consciousness ENTDEND
0	ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND 2% (40 mg) and Group T, 2 ml thiopentone 2.5% (50 mg). Venous discomfort was assessed with a visual analogue scale (VAS) 5-15 sec after commencing propofol administration using an infusion pump (rate 1000 micrograms.kg-1.min-1). ENTD Loss of consciousness ENTDEND
0	ENTC aminonucleoside ENTCEND -induced proteinuria in spontaneously ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND patients. The possibility of reproducing the same renal abnormality with captopril was examined in SHR. Oral administration of captopril at 100 mg/kg for 14 days failed to aggravate proteinuria pre-existing in SHR. Also, captopril treatment failed to potentiate or facilitate development of massive proteinuria invoked by puromycin aminonucleoside in SHR. Captopril had little or no demonstrable effects on serum electrolyte concentrations, excretion of urine, ENTC sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTC captopril ENTCEND treatment in ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND patients. The possibility of reproducing the same renal abnormality with captopril was examined in SHR. Oral administration of captopril at 100 mg/kg for 14 days failed to aggravate proteinuria pre-existing in SHR. Also, captopril treatment failed to potentiate or facilitate development of massive proteinuria invoked by puromycin aminonucleoside in SHR. Captopril had little or no demonstrable effects on serum electrolyte concentrations, excretion of urine, sodium and potassium, endogenous ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND patients. The possibility of reproducing the same renal abnormality with captopril was examined in SHR. Oral administration of captopril at 100 mg/kg for 14 days failed to aggravate proteinuria pre-existing in SHR. Also, captopril treatment failed to potentiate or facilitate development of massive proteinuria invoked by puromycin aminonucleoside in SHR. Captopril had little or no demonstrable effects on serum electrolyte concentrations, excretion of urine, sodium and ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND patients. The possibility of reproducing the same renal abnormality with captopril was examined in SHR. Oral administration of captopril at 100 mg/kg for 14 days failed to aggravate proteinuria pre-existing in SHR. Also, captopril treatment failed to potentiate or facilitate development of massive proteinuria invoked by puromycin aminonucleoside in SHR. Captopril had little or no demonstrable effects on serum electrolyte concentrations, excretion of urine, sodium and potassium, endogenous creatinine clearance, body weight, and food and water consumption. However, ENTC ketone ENTCEND
0	ENTC aminonucleoside ENTCEND -induced proteinuria in spontaneously hypertensive rats.Proteinuria is a side effect of captopril treatment in hypertensive patients. The possibility of reproducing the same ENTD renal abnormality ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal abnormality ENTDEND with captopril was examined in SHR. Oral administration of captopril at 100 mg/kg for 14 days failed to aggravate proteinuria pre-existing in SHR. Also, captopril treatment failed to potentiate or facilitate development of massive proteinuria invoked by puromycin aminonucleoside in SHR. Captopril had little or no demonstrable effects on serum electrolyte concentrations, excretion of urine, ENTC sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal abnormality ENTDEND with ENTC captopril ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal abnormality ENTDEND with captopril was examined in SHR. Oral administration of captopril at 100 mg/kg for 14 days failed to aggravate proteinuria pre-existing in SHR. Also, captopril treatment failed to potentiate or facilitate development of massive proteinuria invoked by puromycin aminonucleoside in SHR. Captopril had little or no demonstrable effects on serum electrolyte concentrations, excretion of urine, sodium and potassium, endogenous ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal abnormality ENTDEND with captopril was examined in SHR. Oral administration of captopril at 100 mg/kg for 14 days failed to aggravate proteinuria pre-existing in SHR. Also, captopril treatment failed to potentiate or facilitate development of massive proteinuria invoked by puromycin aminonucleoside in SHR. Captopril had little or no demonstrable effects on serum electrolyte concentrations, excretion of urine, sodium and ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal abnormality ENTDEND with captopril was examined in SHR. Oral administration of captopril at 100 mg/kg for 14 days failed to aggravate proteinuria pre-existing in SHR. Also, captopril treatment failed to potentiate or facilitate development of massive proteinuria invoked by puromycin aminonucleoside in SHR. Captopril had little or no demonstrable effects on serum electrolyte concentrations, excretion of urine, sodium and potassium, endogenous creatinine clearance, body weight, and food and water consumption. However, ENTC ketone ENTCEND
1	ENTC aminonucleoside ENTCEND -induced ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND invoked by puromycin aminonucleoside in SHR. Captopril had little or no demonstrable effects on serum electrolyte concentrations, excretion of urine, ENTC sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTD Proteinuria ENTDEND is a side effect of ENTC captopril ENTCEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND invoked by puromycin aminonucleoside in SHR. Captopril had little or no demonstrable effects on serum electrolyte concentrations, excretion of urine, sodium and potassium, endogenous ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND invoked by puromycin aminonucleoside in SHR. Captopril had little or no demonstrable effects on serum electrolyte concentrations, excretion of urine, sodium and ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND invoked by puromycin aminonucleoside in SHR. Captopril had little or no demonstrable effects on serum electrolyte concentrations, excretion of urine, sodium and potassium, endogenous creatinine clearance, body weight, and food and water consumption. However, ENTC ketone ENTCEND
0	ENTC NMDA ENTCEND receptor antagonist ketamine leads to psychopathological symptoms similar to those observed in schizophrenia. In patients with schizophrenia, ketamine exacerbates the core symptoms of illness, supporting the hypothesis of a ENTD glutamatergic dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC ketamine ENTCEND exacerbates the core symptoms of illness, supporting the hypothesis of a ENTD glutamatergic dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTD psychosis ENTDEND  during overt continuous verbal fluency.The glutamatergic ENTC N-methyl-D-aspartate ENTCEND
1	ENTC Ketamine ENTCEND elicited ENTD psychosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC NMDA ENTCEND receptor dysfunction in the pathophysiology of ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND  ENTC ketamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD aplastic anaemia ENTDEND  Preparations containing ENTC lindane ENTCEND
0	ENTD scabies ENTDEND is usually initiated by general practitioners; most consider ENTC lindane ENTCEND
0	ENTC lindane ENTCEND continue to be sold over the counter and may represent a hazard to poorly informed patients. This literature review suggests that general practitioners should prescribe scabicides with increased caution for certain at-risk groups, and give adequate warnings regarding potential ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC lindane ENTCEND can be ENTD toxic to the central nervous system ENTDEND
1	ENTC cyclosporin A ENTCEND resulted in eradication of hitherto refractory leukemic infiltration of bone marrow. Severe side effects in terms of mental ENTD confusion ENTDEND
1	ENTC etoposide ENTCEND and cyclosporin A resulted in eradication of hitherto refractory leukemic infiltration of bone marrow. Severe side effects in terms of mental ENTD confusion ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclosporin A ENTCEND resulted in eradication of hitherto refractory ENTD leukemic infiltration ENTDEND
0	ENTC etoposide ENTCEND and cyclosporin A resulted in eradication of hitherto refractory ENTD leukemic infiltration ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclosporin A ENTCEND was observed in a patient with ENTD acute T-lymphocytic leukemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD acute T-lymphocytic leukemia ENTDEND in relapse. The concomitant administration of ENTC etoposide ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND in normal tissues. This report demonstrates for the first time that the pharmacodynamic properties of ENTC cyclosporin A ENTCEND
0	ENTC etoposide ENTCEND and cyclosporin A resulted in eradication of hitherto refractory leukemic infiltration of bone marrow. Severe side effects in terms of mental confusion and progressive hyperbilirubinemia, however, point to an enhancement not only of antineoplastic effects but also of ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC cyclosporin A ENTCEND resulted in eradication of hitherto refractory leukemic infiltration of bone marrow. Severe side effects in terms of mental confusion and progressive ENTD hyperbilirubinemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC etoposide ENTCEND and cyclosporin A resulted in eradication of hitherto refractory leukemic infiltration of bone marrow. Severe side effects in terms of mental confusion and progressive ENTD hyperbilirubinemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND  therapy. ENTD Haemorrhagic myocarditis ENTDEND
1	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND  therapy. ENTD Haemorrhagic myocarditis ENTDEND
0	ENTD bacterial infections ENTDEND in patients with acute liver failure (ALF). In the present study, oxygen radical production in patients with ALF due to ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND
0	ENTC hydrogen peroxide ENTCEND production may be implicated in the high incidence of ENTD bacterial infections ENTDEND
0	ENTD bacterial infections ENTDEND in patients with acute liver failure (ALF). In the present study, ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
0	ENTD bacterial infections ENTDEND in patients with acute liver failure (ALF). In the present study, oxygen radical production in patients with ALF due to paracetamol overdose was compared with that of healthy volunteers. Neutrophils from 14 ALF patients were stimulated via the complement receptors using zymosan opsonized with ALF or control serum. Superoxide and hydrogen peroxide production by ALF neutrophils stimulated with zymosan opsonized with ALF serum was significantly reduced compared with the control subjects (P < 0.01). This defect persisted when zymosan opsonized by control serum was used (P < 0.05). Superoxide and hydrogen peroxide production in neutrophils stimulated with ENTC formyl-methionyl-leucyl-phenylalanine ENTCEND
0	ENTC superoxide ENTCEND and hydrogen peroxide production may be implicated in the high incidence of ENTD bacterial infections ENTDEND
0	ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTD overdose ENTDEND was compared with that of healthy volunteers. Neutrophils from 14 ALF patients were stimulated via the complement receptors using zymosan opsonized with ALF or control serum. Superoxide and ENTC hydrogen peroxide ENTCEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND radical production in patients with ALF due to paracetamol ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTC fMLP ENTCEND  from a further 18 ALF patients was unaffected compared with control neutrophils. Serum C3 complement levels were significantly reduced in ALF patients compared with control subjects (P < 0.0005). These results demonstrate a neutrophil defect in ALF due to paracetamol ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTD overdose ENTDEND was compared with that of healthy volunteers. Neutrophils from 14 ALF patients were stimulated via the complement receptors using zymosan opsonized with ALF or control serum. ENTC Superoxide ENTCEND
1	ENTD ALF ENTDEND due to ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND
0	ENTC hydrogen peroxide ENTCEND production by ENTD ALF ENTDEND
0	ENTD ALF ENTDEND . In the present study, ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
0	ENTC fMLP ENTCEND  from a further 18 ENTD ALF ENTDEND
0	ENTD ALF ENTDEND or control serum. ENTC Superoxide ENTCEND
1	ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND induced by ENTC puromycin aminonucleoside ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotic ENTDEND stage the plasma level of ENTC fatty acids ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotic ENTDEND stage the plasma level of fatty acids, ENTC triacylglycerol ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotic ENTDEND stage the plasma level of fatty acids, triacylglycerol and VLDL decreased while that of phospholipid, ENTC cholesteryl esters ENTCEND
0	ENTC puromycin aminonucleoside ENTCEND (20 mg/kg for 7 days) and the subsequent development of nephrotic syndrome. Since massive ENTD albuminuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD albuminuria ENTDEND occurred after 6 days of treatment, the time-course study was divided into two stages: pre-nephrotic stage (day 1-5) and nephrotic stage (day 6-11). In pre-nephrotic stage the plasma level of ENTC fatty acids ENTCEND
0	ENTD albuminuria ENTDEND occurred after 6 days of treatment, the time-course study was divided into two stages: pre-nephrotic stage (day 1-5) and nephrotic stage (day 6-11). In pre-nephrotic stage the plasma level of fatty acids, ENTC triacylglycerol ENTCEND
0	ENTD albuminuria ENTDEND occurred after 6 days of treatment, the time-course study was divided into two stages: pre-nephrotic stage (day 1-5) and nephrotic stage (day 6-11). In pre-nephrotic stage the plasma level of fatty acids, triacylglycerol and VLDL decreased while that of phospholipid, ENTC cholesteryl esters ENTCEND
0	ENTD cognitive dysfunctions ENTDEND .The present study was aimed at investigating the effects of Daucus carota seeds on cognitive functions, total serum cholesterol levels and brain cholinesterase activity in mice. The ethanolic extract of Daucus carota seeds (DCE) was administered orally in three doses (100, 200, 400 mg/kg) for seven successive days to different groups of young and aged mice. Elevated plus maze and passive avoidance apparatus served as the exteroceptive behavioral models for testing memory. ENTC Diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTC DCE ENTCEND may prove to be a useful remedy for the management of ENTD cognitive dysfunctions ENTDEND
0	ENTD cognitive dysfunctions ENTDEND on account of its multifarious beneficial effects such as, memory improving property, ENTC cholesterol ENTCEND
0	ENTD cognitive dysfunctions ENTDEND .The present study was aimed at investigating the effects of Daucus carota seeds on cognitive functions, total serum cholesterol levels and brain cholinesterase activity in mice. The ethanolic extract of Daucus carota seeds (DCE) was administered orally in three doses (100, 200, 400 mg/kg) for seven successive days to different groups of young and aged mice. Elevated plus maze and passive avoidance apparatus served as the exteroceptive behavioral models for testing memory. Diazepam-, ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND
1	ENTC Diazepam ENTCEND , scopolamine- and ageing-induced ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC DCE ENTCEND reversed the ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD amnesia ENTDEND induced by scopolamine (0.4 mg/kg, i.p.) and diazepam (1 mg/kg, i.p.). Daucus carota extract (200, 400 mg/kg, p.o.) reduced significantly the brain acetylcholinesterase activity and ENTC cholesterol ENTCEND
1	ENTD amnesia ENTDEND induced by ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC neurotensin ENTCEND on haloperidol-induced ENTD parkinsonian symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND induced ENTD parkinsonian symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTD parkinsonian symptoms ENTDEND  METHODS: Behavioral experiments and electrophysiological recordings were performed in the present study. RESULTS: Bilateral infusions of neurotensin into the globus pallidus reversed haloperidol-induced parkinsonian catalepsy in rats. Electrophysiological recordings showed that microinjection of neurotensin induced excitation of pallidal neurons in the presence of systemic haloperidol administration. The ENTC neurotensin type-1 receptor antagonist ENTCEND
0	ENTC neurotensin ENTCEND  on haloperidol-induced ENTD parkinsonian catalepsy ENTDEND
1	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND -induced ENTD parkinsonian catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD parkinsonian catalepsy ENTDEND in rats. Electrophysiological recordings showed that microinjection of neurotensin induced excitation of pallidal neurons in the presence of systemic haloperidol administration. The ENTC neurotensin type-1 receptor antagonist ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperkalemia ENTDEND ranging from 6.1 to 6.9 mEq/l developed within 3 to 8 days of sulindac administration. In all of them normal serum ENTC potassium ENTCEND
1	ENTC sulindac ENTCEND and ENTD hyperkalemia ENTDEND
1	ENTD Hyperkalemia ENTDEND has recently been recognized as a complication of nonsteroidal antiinflammatory agents (NSAID) such as ENTC indomethacin ENTCEND
0	ENTC prostacyclin ENTCEND synthesis. We describe 4 patients in whom ENTD hyperkalemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND patients who were receiving ENTC nifedipine ENTCEND
1	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND were compared over a period of 1 year, one group comprising ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND levels at 6 and 12 months. The observed positive impact of nifedipine on reducing the nephrotoxicity associated with tacrolimus in liver transplant recipients should be an important factor in selecting an agent to treat ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTC nifedipine ENTCEND on reducing the ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND associated with ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND levels at 6 and 12 months. The observed positive impact of nifedipine on reducing the ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC Verapamil ENTCEND -induced carbamazepine ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND after combined treatment with verapamil showed complete recovery after discontinuation of the ENTC calcium ENTCEND
1	ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTD aplastic anemia ENTDEND due to ENTC D-penicillamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC antithymocyte globulin ENTCEND therapy for ENTD aplastic anemia ENTDEND
1	ENTD Encephalopathy ENTDEND  induced by levetiracetam added to ENTC valproate ENTCEND
1	ENTC LEV ENTCEND -induced ENTD encephalopathy ENTDEND
1	ENTC VPA ENTCEND  (2000 mg). Frequency of generalized tonic-clonic seizures increased from one per 6 months to two per month. Neuropsychological testing showed ENTD impaired word fluency, psychomotor speed and working memory ENTDEND
1	ENTC LEV ENTCEND (3000 mg) added to valproate (VPA) (2000 mg). Frequency of generalized tonic-clonic seizures increased from one per 6 months to two per month. Neuropsychological testing showed ENTD impaired word fluency, psychomotor speed and working memory ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND was treated with LEV (3000 mg) added to ENTC valproate ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND was treated with ENTC LEV ENTCEND
1	ENTC VPA ENTCEND  (2000 mg). Frequency of generalized ENTD tonic-clonic seizures ENTDEND
1	ENTC LEV ENTCEND (3000 mg) added to valproate (VPA) (2000 mg). Frequency of generalized ENTD tonic-clonic seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD idiopathic epilepsy ENTDEND with generalized seizures was treated with LEV (3000 mg) added to ENTC valproate ENTCEND
0	ENTD idiopathic epilepsy ENTDEND with generalized seizures was treated with ENTC LEV ENTCEND
0	ENTD inflammation ENTDEND  ENTC Metformin hydrochloride ENTCEND
1	ENTD Cholestatic jaundice ENTDEND  associated with the use of ENTC metformin ENTCEND
1	ENTD cholestasis ENTDEND  with portal edema, ductular proliferation, and acute inflammation. ENTC Metformin hydrochloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD edema ENTDEND  ductular proliferation, and acute inflammation. ENTC Metformin hydrochloride ENTCEND
0	ENTC metformin ENTCEND associated ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD jaundice ENTDEND 2 wk after the initiation of ENTC metformin ENTCEND
1	ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND infusion (P less than .002). The incidence of ENTD ischemic ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac toxicity ENTDEND associated with ENTC fluorouracil ENTCEND
1	ENTD angina ENTDEND (during ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND infusion for treatment of solid ENTD tumors ENTDEND
0	ENTD sudden death ENTDEND  both of which occurred at the end of the chemotherapy course. We conclude that ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND (P less than .01). ECG changes were more common among patients with known ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND
1	ENTC Sulfonamides ENTCEND were associated with ENTD anencephaly ENTDEND
0	ENTD anencephaly ENTDEND (adjusted OR [AOR] = 3.4; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.3-8.8), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 3.2; 95% CI, 1.3-7.6), coarctation of the aorta (AOR = 2.7; 95% CI, 1.3-5.6), choanal atresia (AOR = 8.0; 95% CI, 2.7-23.5), transverse limb deficiency (AOR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.0-5.9), and diaphragmatic hernia (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). ENTC Nitrofurantoins ENTCEND
0	ENTD anencephaly ENTDEND (adjusted OR [AOR] = 3.4; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.3-8.8), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 3.2; 95% CI, 1.3-7.6), coarctation of the aorta (AOR = 2.7; 95% CI, 1.3-5.6), choanal atresia (AOR = 8.0; 95% CI, 2.7-23.5), transverse limb deficiency (AOR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.0-5.9), and diaphragmatic hernia (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). Nitrofurantoins were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), ENTC cephalosporins ENTCEND
0	ENTD anencephaly ENTDEND (adjusted OR [AOR] = 3.4; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.3-8.8), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 3.2; 95% CI, 1.3-7.6), coarctation of the aorta (AOR = 2.7; 95% CI, 1.3-5.6), choanal atresia (AOR = 8.0; 95% CI, 2.7-23.5), transverse limb deficiency (AOR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.0-5.9), and diaphragmatic hernia (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). Nitrofurantoins were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), ENTC penicillins ENTCEND
0	ENTD anencephaly ENTDEND (adjusted OR [AOR] = 3.4; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.3-8.8), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 3.2; 95% CI, 1.3-7.6), coarctation of the aorta (AOR = 2.7; 95% CI, 1.3-5.6), choanal atresia (AOR = 8.0; 95% CI, 2.7-23.5), transverse limb deficiency (AOR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.0-5.9), and diaphragmatic hernia (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). Nitrofurantoins were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included ENTC erythromycins ENTCEND
0	ENTD anencephaly ENTDEND (adjusted OR [AOR] = 3.4; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.3-8.8), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 3.2; 95% CI, 1.3-7.6), coarctation of the aorta (AOR = 2.7; 95% CI, 1.3-5.6), choanal atresia (AOR = 8.0; 95% CI, 2.7-23.5), transverse limb deficiency (AOR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.0-5.9), and diaphragmatic hernia (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). Nitrofurantoins were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), cephalosporins (1 defect), and ENTC quinolones ENTCEND
1	ENTC Sulfonamides ENTCEND were associated with anencephaly (adjusted OR [AOR] = 3.4; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.3-8.8), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 3.2; 95% CI, 1.3-7.6), coarctation of the aorta (AOR = 2.7; 95% CI, 1.3-5.6), ENTD choanal atresia ENTDEND
0	ENTD choanal atresia ENTDEND (AOR = 8.0; 95% CI, 2.7-23.5), transverse limb deficiency (AOR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.0-5.9), and diaphragmatic hernia (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). ENTC Nitrofurantoins ENTCEND
0	ENTD choanal atresia ENTDEND (AOR = 8.0; 95% CI, 2.7-23.5), transverse limb deficiency (AOR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.0-5.9), and diaphragmatic hernia (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). Nitrofurantoins were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), ENTC cephalosporins ENTCEND
0	ENTD choanal atresia ENTDEND (AOR = 8.0; 95% CI, 2.7-23.5), transverse limb deficiency (AOR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.0-5.9), and diaphragmatic hernia (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). Nitrofurantoins were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), ENTC penicillins ENTCEND
0	ENTD choanal atresia ENTDEND (AOR = 8.0; 95% CI, 2.7-23.5), transverse limb deficiency (AOR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.0-5.9), and diaphragmatic hernia (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). Nitrofurantoins were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included ENTC erythromycins ENTCEND
0	ENTD choanal atresia ENTDEND (AOR = 8.0; 95% CI, 2.7-23.5), transverse limb deficiency (AOR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.0-5.9), and diaphragmatic hernia (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). Nitrofurantoins were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), cephalosporins (1 defect), and ENTC quinolones ENTCEND
0	ENTC Sulfonamides ENTCEND were associated with anencephaly (adjusted OR [AOR] = 3.4; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.3-8.8), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 3.2; 95% CI, 1.3-7.6), coarctation of the aorta (AOR = 2.7; 95% CI, 1.3-5.6), choanal atresia (AOR = 8.0; 95% CI, 2.7-23.5), transverse limb deficiency (AOR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.0-5.9), and diaphragmatic hernia (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). Nitrofurantoins were associated with ENTD anophthalmia ENTDEND
1	ENTC Nitrofurantoins ENTCEND were associated with ENTD anophthalmia ENTDEND
0	ENTD anophthalmia ENTDEND or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), ENTC cephalosporins ENTCEND
0	ENTD anophthalmia ENTDEND or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), ENTC penicillins ENTCEND
0	ENTD anophthalmia ENTDEND or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included ENTC erythromycins ENTCEND
0	ENTD anophthalmia ENTDEND or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), cephalosporins (1 defect), and ENTC quinolones ENTCEND
0	ENTC Sulfonamides ENTCEND were associated with anencephaly (adjusted OR [AOR] = 3.4; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.3-8.8), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 3.2; 95% CI, 1.3-7.6), coarctation of the aorta (AOR = 2.7; 95% CI, 1.3-5.6), choanal atresia (AOR = 8.0; 95% CI, 2.7-23.5), transverse limb deficiency (AOR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.0-5.9), and diaphragmatic hernia (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). Nitrofurantoins were associated with anophthalmia or ENTD microphthalmos ENTDEND
1	ENTC Nitrofurantoins ENTCEND were associated with anophthalmia or ENTD microphthalmos ENTDEND
0	ENTD microphthalmos ENTDEND (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), ENTC cephalosporins ENTCEND
0	ENTD microphthalmos ENTDEND (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), ENTC penicillins ENTCEND
0	ENTD microphthalmos ENTDEND (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included ENTC erythromycins ENTCEND
0	ENTD microphthalmos ENTDEND (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), cephalosporins (1 defect), and ENTC quinolones ENTCEND
0	ENTD cleft lip ENTDEND with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), cephalosporins (1 defect), and quinolones (1 defect). CONCLUSIONS: Reassuringly, penicillins, erythromycins, and cephalosporins, although used commonly by pregnant women, were not associated with many birth defects. ENTC Sulfonamides ENTCEND
1	ENTC Nitrofurantoins ENTCEND were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and ENTD cleft lip ENTDEND
0	ENTD cleft lip ENTDEND with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), ENTC cephalosporins ENTCEND
0	ENTD cleft lip ENTDEND with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), ENTC penicillins ENTCEND
0	ENTD cleft lip ENTDEND with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included ENTC erythromycins ENTCEND
0	ENTD cleft lip ENTDEND with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), cephalosporins (1 defect), and ENTC quinolones ENTCEND
1	ENTC Sulfonamides ENTCEND were associated with anencephaly (adjusted OR [AOR] = 3.4; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.3-8.8), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 3.2; 95% CI, 1.3-7.6), coarctation of the aorta (AOR = 2.7; 95% CI, 1.3-5.6), choanal atresia (AOR = 8.0; 95% CI, 2.7-23.5), ENTD transverse limb deficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTD transverse limb deficiency ENTDEND (AOR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.0-5.9), and diaphragmatic hernia (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). ENTC Nitrofurantoins ENTCEND
0	ENTD transverse limb deficiency ENTDEND (AOR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.0-5.9), and diaphragmatic hernia (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). Nitrofurantoins were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), ENTC cephalosporins ENTCEND
0	ENTD transverse limb deficiency ENTDEND (AOR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.0-5.9), and diaphragmatic hernia (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). Nitrofurantoins were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), ENTC penicillins ENTCEND
0	ENTD transverse limb deficiency ENTDEND (AOR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.0-5.9), and diaphragmatic hernia (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). Nitrofurantoins were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included ENTC erythromycins ENTCEND
0	ENTD transverse limb deficiency ENTDEND (AOR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.0-5.9), and diaphragmatic hernia (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). Nitrofurantoins were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), cephalosporins (1 defect), and ENTC quinolones ENTCEND
1	ENTC Sulfonamides ENTCEND were associated with anencephaly (adjusted OR [AOR] = 3.4; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.3-8.8), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 3.2; 95% CI, 1.3-7.6), coarctation of the aorta (AOR = 2.7; 95% CI, 1.3-5.6), choanal atresia (AOR = 8.0; 95% CI, 2.7-23.5), transverse limb deficiency (AOR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.0-5.9), and ENTD diaphragmatic hernia ENTDEND
0	ENTD diaphragmatic hernia ENTDEND (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). ENTC Nitrofurantoins ENTCEND
0	ENTD diaphragmatic hernia ENTDEND (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). Nitrofurantoins were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), ENTC cephalosporins ENTCEND
0	ENTD diaphragmatic hernia ENTDEND (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). Nitrofurantoins were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), ENTC penicillins ENTCEND
0	ENTD diaphragmatic hernia ENTDEND (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). Nitrofurantoins were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included ENTC erythromycins ENTCEND
0	ENTD diaphragmatic hernia ENTDEND (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). Nitrofurantoins were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), cephalosporins (1 defect), and ENTC quinolones ENTCEND
0	ENTD cleft palate ENTDEND (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), cephalosporins (1 defect), and quinolones (1 defect). CONCLUSIONS: Reassuringly, penicillins, erythromycins, and cephalosporins, although used commonly by pregnant women, were not associated with many birth defects. ENTC Sulfonamides ENTCEND
1	ENTC Nitrofurantoins ENTCEND were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with ENTD cleft palate ENTDEND
0	ENTD cleft palate ENTDEND (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), ENTC cephalosporins ENTCEND
0	ENTD cleft palate ENTDEND (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), ENTC penicillins ENTCEND
0	ENTD cleft palate ENTDEND (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included ENTC erythromycins ENTCEND
0	ENTD cleft palate ENTDEND (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), cephalosporins (1 defect), and ENTC quinolones ENTCEND
1	ENTD birth defects ENTDEND  ENTC Sulfonamides ENTCEND
1	ENTD birth defects ENTDEND  Sulfonamides and ENTC nitrofurantoins ENTCEND
0	ENTC cephalosporins ENTCEND  although used commonly by pregnant women, were not associated with many ENTD birth defects ENTDEND
0	ENTC penicillins ENTCEND  erythromycins, and cephalosporins, although used commonly by pregnant women, were not associated with many ENTD birth defects ENTDEND
0	ENTC erythromycins ENTCEND  and cephalosporins, although used commonly by pregnant women, were not associated with many ENTD birth defects ENTDEND
0	ENTC quinolones ENTCEND (1 defect). CONCLUSIONS: Reassuringly, penicillins, erythromycins, and cephalosporins, although used commonly by pregnant women, were not associated with many ENTD birth defects ENTDEND
0	ENTD atrial septal defects ENTDEND (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), cephalosporins (1 defect), and quinolones (1 defect). CONCLUSIONS: Reassuringly, penicillins, erythromycins, and cephalosporins, although used commonly by pregnant women, were not associated with many birth defects. ENTC Sulfonamides ENTCEND
1	ENTC Nitrofurantoins ENTCEND were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), ENTD atrial septal defects ENTDEND
0	ENTD atrial septal defects ENTDEND (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), ENTC cephalosporins ENTCEND
0	ENTD atrial septal defects ENTDEND (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), ENTC penicillins ENTCEND
0	ENTD atrial septal defects ENTDEND (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included ENTC erythromycins ENTCEND
0	ENTD atrial septal defects ENTDEND (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), cephalosporins (1 defect), and ENTC quinolones ENTCEND
1	ENTC Sulfonamides ENTCEND were associated with anencephaly (adjusted OR [AOR] = 3.4; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.3-8.8), ENTD hypoplastic left heart syndrome ENTDEND
1	ENTC Nitrofurantoins ENTCEND were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), ENTD hypoplastic left heart syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypoplastic left heart syndrome ENTDEND (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), ENTC cephalosporins ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypoplastic left heart syndrome ENTDEND (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), ENTC penicillins ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypoplastic left heart syndrome ENTDEND (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included ENTC erythromycins ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypoplastic left heart syndrome ENTDEND (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), cephalosporins (1 defect), and ENTC quinolones ENTCEND
1	ENTC Sulfonamides ENTCEND were associated with anencephaly (adjusted OR [AOR] = 3.4; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.3-8.8), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 3.2; 95% CI, 1.3-7.6), ENTD coarctation of the aorta ENTDEND
0	ENTD coarctation of the aorta ENTDEND (AOR = 2.7; 95% CI, 1.3-5.6), choanal atresia (AOR = 8.0; 95% CI, 2.7-23.5), transverse limb deficiency (AOR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.0-5.9), and diaphragmatic hernia (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). ENTC Nitrofurantoins ENTCEND
0	ENTD coarctation of the aorta ENTDEND (AOR = 2.7; 95% CI, 1.3-5.6), choanal atresia (AOR = 8.0; 95% CI, 2.7-23.5), transverse limb deficiency (AOR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.0-5.9), and diaphragmatic hernia (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). Nitrofurantoins were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), ENTC cephalosporins ENTCEND
0	ENTD coarctation of the aorta ENTDEND (AOR = 2.7; 95% CI, 1.3-5.6), choanal atresia (AOR = 8.0; 95% CI, 2.7-23.5), transverse limb deficiency (AOR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.0-5.9), and diaphragmatic hernia (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). Nitrofurantoins were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), ENTC penicillins ENTCEND
0	ENTD coarctation of the aorta ENTDEND (AOR = 2.7; 95% CI, 1.3-5.6), choanal atresia (AOR = 8.0; 95% CI, 2.7-23.5), transverse limb deficiency (AOR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.0-5.9), and diaphragmatic hernia (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). Nitrofurantoins were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included ENTC erythromycins ENTCEND
0	ENTD coarctation of the aorta ENTDEND (AOR = 2.7; 95% CI, 1.3-5.6), choanal atresia (AOR = 8.0; 95% CI, 2.7-23.5), transverse limb deficiency (AOR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.0-5.9), and diaphragmatic hernia (AOR = 2.4; 95% CI, 1.1-5.4). Nitrofurantoins were associated with anophthalmia or microphthalmos (AOR = 3.7; 95% CI, 1.1-12.2), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (AOR = 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9-9.1), atrial septal defects (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.4), and cleft lip with cleft palate (AOR = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.9). Other antibacterial agents that showed associations included erythromycins (2 defects), penicillins (1 defect), cephalosporins (1 defect), and ENTC quinolones ENTCEND
0	ENTC benzodiazepines ENTCEND  Seizures and ENTD cardiac arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTC Flumazenil ENTCEND is a benzodiazepine receptor antagonist used to reverse sedation and respiratory depression induced by benzodiazepines. Seizures and ENTD cardiac arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTC benzodiazepines ENTCEND  ENTD Seizures ENTDEND
1	ENTD Seizure ENTDEND  after ENTC flumazenil ENTCEND
0	ENTC benzodiazepines ENTCEND  Seizures and cardiac arrhythmias have complicated its use in adult patients. ENTD Overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTD Overdose ENTDEND patients who have coingested tricyclic antidepressants have a higher risk of these complications. Little information exists concerning adverse effects of ENTC flumazenil ENTCEND
0	ENTD respiratory depression ENTDEND induced by ENTC benzodiazepines ENTCEND
0	ENTC Flumazenil ENTCEND is a benzodiazepine receptor antagonist used to reverse sedation and ENTD respiratory depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC Galanthamine hydrobromide ENTCEND  an anticholinesterase drug capable of penetrating the blood-brain barrier, was used in a patient demonstrating central effects of scopolamine (hyoscine) ENTD overdosage ENTDEND
0	ENTD overdosage ENTDEND  It is longer acting than ENTC physostigmine ENTCEND
1	ENTC hyoscine ENTCEND  ENTD overdosage ENTDEND
1	ENTD Neuromuscular blockade ENTDEND  with ENTC magnesium sulfate ENTCEND
1	ENTC nifedipine ENTCEND developed ENTD neuromuscular blockade ENTDEND
0	ENTD neuromuscular blockade ENTDEND after 500 mg of magnesium sulfate was administered. This reaction demonstrates that nifedipine can seriously potentiate the toxicity of ENTC magnesium ENTCEND
0	ENTC magnesium sulfate ENTCEND was administered. This reaction demonstrates that nifedipine can seriously potentiate the ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC nifedipine ENTCEND can seriously potentiate the ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of ENTC magnesium ENTCEND
1	ENTC Valproate ENTCEND -induced ENTD chorea ENTDEND
0	ENTD chorea ENTDEND  and encephalopathy in atypical nonketotic hyperglycinemia.Nonketotic hyperglycinemia is a disorder of amino acid metabolism in which a defect in the ENTC glycine ENTCEND
0	ENTD psychomotor retardation ENTDEND  An important subset of children with nonketotic hyperglycinemia are atypical variants who present in a heterogeneous manner. This report describes a patient with mild language delay and mental retardation, who was found to have nonketotic hyperglycinemia following her presentation with acute encephalopathy and chorea shortly after initiation of ENTC valproate ENTCEND
0	ENTC glycine ENTCEND in the brain and other body compartments. In the classical form it presents as neonatal apnea, intractable seizures, and hypotonia, followed by significant ENTD psychomotor retardation ENTDEND
0	ENTC Valproate ENTCEND -induced chorea and encephalopathy in atypical ENTD nonketotic hyperglycinemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD Nonketotic hyperglycinemia ENTDEND is a disorder of amino acid metabolism in which a defect in the ENTC glycine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Valproate ENTCEND -induced chorea and encephalopathy in atypical nonketotic hyperglycinemia.Nonketotic hyperglycinemia is a disorder of amino acid metabolism in which a defect in the glycine cleavage system leads to an accumulation of glycine in the brain and other body compartments. In the classical form it presents as neonatal apnea, intractable ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC glycine ENTCEND in the brain and other body compartments. In the classical form it presents as neonatal apnea, intractable ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD language delay ENTDEND and mental retardation, who was found to have nonketotic hyperglycinemia following her presentation with acute encephalopathy and chorea shortly after initiation of ENTC valproate ENTCEND
0	ENTC glycine ENTCEND in the brain and other body compartments. In the classical form it presents as neonatal apnea, intractable seizures, and hypotonia, followed by significant psychomotor retardation. An important subset of children with nonketotic hyperglycinemia are atypical variants who present in a heterogeneous manner. This report describes a patient with mild ENTD language delay ENTDEND
1	ENTC Valproate ENTCEND -induced chorea and ENTD encephalopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD encephalopathy ENTDEND  in atypical nonketotic hyperglycinemia.Nonketotic hyperglycinemia is a disorder of amino acid metabolism in which a defect in the ENTC glycine ENTCEND
0	ENTD mental retardation ENTDEND  who was found to have nonketotic hyperglycinemia following her presentation with acute encephalopathy and chorea shortly after initiation of ENTC valproate ENTCEND
0	ENTC glycine ENTCEND in the brain and other body compartments. In the classical form it presents as neonatal apnea, intractable seizures, and hypotonia, followed by significant psychomotor retardation. An important subset of children with nonketotic hyperglycinemia are atypical variants who present in a heterogeneous manner. This report describes a patient with mild language delay and ENTD mental retardation ENTDEND
0	ENTC Valproate ENTCEND -induced chorea and encephalopathy in atypical nonketotic hyperglycinemia.Nonketotic hyperglycinemia is a ENTD disorder of amino acid metabolism ENTDEND
0	ENTD disorder of amino acid metabolism ENTDEND in which a defect in the ENTC glycine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Valproate ENTCEND -induced chorea and encephalopathy in atypical nonketotic hyperglycinemia.Nonketotic hyperglycinemia is a disorder of amino acid metabolism in which a defect in the glycine cleavage system leads to an accumulation of glycine in the brain and other body compartments. In the classical form it presents as neonatal apnea, intractable seizures, and ENTD hypotonia ENTDEND
0	ENTC glycine ENTCEND in the brain and other body compartments. In the classical form it presents as neonatal apnea, intractable seizures, and ENTD hypotonia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Valproate ENTCEND -induced chorea and encephalopathy in atypical nonketotic hyperglycinemia.Nonketotic hyperglycinemia is a disorder of amino acid metabolism in which a defect in the glycine cleavage system leads to an accumulation of glycine in the brain and other body compartments. In the classical form it presents as neonatal ENTD apnea ENTDEND
0	ENTC glycine ENTCEND in the brain and other body compartments. In the classical form it presents as neonatal ENTD apnea ENTDEND
1	ENTC apraclonidine ENTCEND  Decreases in systolic blood pressure were statistically, but not clinically, significant. No significant changes in diastolic blood pressure, pulse rate and basal tear secretion were noted. Conjunctival blanching and ENTD mydriasis ENTDEND
1	ENTC apraclonidine ENTCEND  Decreases in systolic blood pressure were statistically, but not clinically, significant. No significant changes in diastolic blood pressure, pulse rate and basal tear secretion were noted. Conjunctival blanching and mydriasis were commonly found. Upper lid retraction was frequently noted. While the elevations of the upper lid margin in most subjects were not more than 2 mm and did not cause noticeable change in appearance, one subject suffered from mechanical entropion and marked ENTD corneal abrasion ENTDEND
1	ENTC apraclonidine ENTCEND  Decreases in systolic blood pressure were statistically, but not clinically, significant. No significant changes in diastolic blood pressure, pulse rate and basal tear secretion were noted. ENTD Conjunctival blanching ENTDEND
0	ENTC apraclonidine ENTCEND  ENTD Decreases in systolic blood pressure ENTDEND
1	ENTD ocular hypotensive ENTDEND effects were statistically significant for ENTC apraclonidine ENTCEND
1	ENTC apraclonidine ENTCEND  Decreases in systolic blood pressure were statistically, but not clinically, significant. No significant changes in diastolic blood pressure, pulse rate and basal tear secretion were noted. Conjunctival blanching and mydriasis were commonly found. Upper lid retraction was frequently noted. While the elevations of the upper lid margin in most subjects were not more than 2 mm and did not cause noticeable change in appearance, one subject suffered from mechanical ENTD entropion ENTDEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND responses. These results demonstrate that both prostaglandin D2 and ENTC prostaglandin E2 ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND responses in conscious mice were evaluated by using hot plate and ENTC acetic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND responses. These results demonstrate that both ENTC prostaglandin D2 ENTCEND
0	ENTC Prostaglandin F2 alpha ENTCEND had little effect on ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC prostaglandins ENTCEND on ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC AH6809 ENTCEND (greater than or equal to 500 ng) but not by the substance P antagonist. Prostaglandin F2 alpha had little effect on ENTD pain ENTDEND
1	ENTC prostaglandin E2 ENTCEND exert ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetic acid ENTCEND writhing tests. The ENTD hyperalgesic ENTDEND
1	ENTD hyperalgesic ENTDEND effect of ENTC prostaglandin D2 ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND was blocked by AH6809 (greater than or equal to 500 ng) but not by the substance P antagonist. ENTC Prostaglandin F2 alpha ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperalgesic ENTDEND effect at doses of 1 ENTC pg ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND was blocked by ENTC AH6809 ENTCEND
0	ENTC corticosterone ENTCEND level. Taken together, the present study demonstrates that the central injection of U-II at doses of 1-10,000 ng/mouse induces anxiogenic- and depressant-like effects in mouse. These data suggest that U-II may be involved in some aspects of ENTD psychiatric disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND induced penile erection and climbing behavior, and stress-induced plasma corticosterone level. Taken together, the present study demonstrates that the central injection of U-II at doses of 1-10,000 ng/mouse induces anxiogenic- and depressant-like effects in mouse. These data suggest that U-II may be involved in some aspects of ENTD psychiatric disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTC U-II ENTCEND may be involved in some aspects of ENTD psychiatric disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTC U-II ENTCEND causes ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD penile erection ENTDEND and climbing behavior, and stress-induced plasma ENTC corticosterone ENTCEND
1	ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND induced ENTD penile erection ENTDEND
0	ENTC U-II ENTCEND had no effect on body temperature, nociception, apomorphine-induced ENTD penile erection ENTDEND
0	ENTC U-II ENTCEND causes hypertension and ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
1	ENTC Acetazolamide ENTCEND -induced ENTD Gerstmann syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTD confusion ENTDEND induced by ENTC acetazolamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal impairment ENTDEND  We report a case of ENTC acetazolamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiogenic shock ENTDEND  and complete heart block after verapamil SR and metoprolol treatment. A case report.A seventy-eight-year-old woman presented with complete heart block and refractory hypotension two days after a therapeutic dose of sustained-release verapamil with concomitant use of metoprolol. The patient continued to remain hypotensive with complete heart block, even with multiple uses of intravenous atropine as well as high doses of pressor agents such as dopamine and dobutamine. However, shortly after the use of intravenous ENTC calcium chloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiogenic shock ENTDEND  and complete heart block after ENTC verapamil ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiogenic shock ENTDEND  and complete heart block after verapamil SR and metoprolol treatment. A case report.A seventy-eight-year-old woman presented with complete heart block and refractory hypotension two days after a therapeutic dose of sustained-release verapamil with concomitant use of metoprolol. The patient continued to remain hypotensive with complete heart block, even with multiple uses of intravenous atropine as well as high doses of pressor agents such as dopamine and ENTC dobutamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiogenic shock ENTDEND  and complete heart block after verapamil SR and metoprolol treatment. A case report.A seventy-eight-year-old woman presented with complete heart block and refractory hypotension two days after a therapeutic dose of sustained-release verapamil with concomitant use of metoprolol. The patient continued to remain hypotensive with complete heart block, even with multiple uses of intravenous ENTC atropine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiogenic shock ENTDEND  and complete heart block after verapamil SR and metoprolol treatment. A case report.A seventy-eight-year-old woman presented with complete heart block and refractory hypotension two days after a therapeutic dose of sustained-release verapamil with concomitant use of metoprolol. The patient continued to remain hypotensive with complete heart block, even with multiple uses of intravenous atropine as well as high doses of pressor agents such as ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiogenic shock ENTDEND  and complete heart block after verapamil SR and ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium chloride ENTCEND  the refractory ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
1	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND two days after a therapeutic dose of sustained-release ENTC verapamil ENTCEND
0	ENTC dobutamine ENTCEND  However, shortly after the use of intravenous calcium chloride, the refractory ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND with complete heart block, even with multiple uses of intravenous ENTC atropine ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND and dobutamine. However, shortly after the use of intravenous calcium chloride, the refractory ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
1	ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND  The patient continued to remain ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND
0	ENTC calcium chloride ENTCEND  the refractory hypotension and complete ENTD heart block ENTDEND
1	ENTD heart block ENTDEND  after ENTC verapamil ENTCEND
0	ENTC dobutamine ENTCEND  However, shortly after the use of intravenous calcium chloride, the refractory hypotension and complete ENTD heart block ENTDEND
0	ENTD heart block ENTDEND  even with multiple uses of intravenous ENTC atropine ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart block ENTDEND  even with multiple uses of intravenous atropine as well as high doses of pressor agents such as ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD heart block ENTDEND  after verapamil SR and ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND  The data demonstrate that CAA after i.v. administration does not contribute to bladder damage. When instilled directly into the bladder, CAA exerts urotoxic effects, it is, however, susceptible to detoxification with ENTC mesna ENTCEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND  or ifosfamide. An experimental study/short communication.Based on clinical data, indicating that chloroacetaldehyde (CAA) is an important metabolite of oxazaphosphorine cytostatics, an experimental study was carried out in order to elucidate the role of CAA in the development of ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND
1	ENTC CAA ENTCEND in the development of ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND . An experimental study/short communication.Based on clinical data, indicating that chloroacetaldehyde (CAA) is an important metabolite of oxazaphosphorine cytostatics, an experimental study was carried out in order to elucidate the role of CAA in the development of ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD bladder damage ENTDEND  When instilled directly into the bladder, CAA exerts urotoxic effects, it is, however, susceptible to detoxification with ENTC mesna ENTCEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND  or ifosfamide. An experimental study/short communication.Based on clinical data, indicating that chloroacetaldehyde (CAA) is an important metabolite of oxazaphosphorine cytostatics, an experimental study was carried out in order to elucidate the role of CAA in the development of hemorrhagic cystitis. The data demonstrate that CAA after i.v. administration does not contribute to ENTD bladder damage ENTDEND
0	ENTD bladder damage ENTDEND  When instilled directly into the bladder, ENTC CAA ENTCEND
0	ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND . An experimental study/short communication.Based on clinical data, indicating that chloroacetaldehyde (CAA) is an important metabolite of oxazaphosphorine cytostatics, an experimental study was carried out in order to elucidate the role of CAA in the development of hemorrhagic cystitis. The data demonstrate that CAA after i.v. administration does not contribute to ENTD bladder damage ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND  The data demonstrate that CAA after i.v. administration does not contribute to bladder damage. When instilled directly into the bladder, CAA exerts urotoxic effects, it is, however, susceptible to detoxification with ENTC mesna ENTCEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND  or ifosfamide. An experimental study/short communication.Based on clinical data, indicating that chloroacetaldehyde (CAA) is an important metabolite of oxazaphosphorine cytostatics, an experimental study was carried out in order to elucidate the role of CAA in the development of ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND
1	ENTC CAA ENTCEND in the development of ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND . An experimental study/short communication.Based on clinical data, indicating that chloroacetaldehyde (CAA) is an important metabolite of oxazaphosphorine cytostatics, an experimental study was carried out in order to elucidate the role of CAA in the development of ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC CPM ENTCEND  and prophylactic intrathecal chemotherapy was used as salvage therapy in seven children with refractory or relapsed T-cell leukaemia or lymphoma. The most common side effects attributable to the AraG included Grade 2 and 3 sensory and motor neuropathy and ENTD musculoskeletal pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC VP ENTCEND  and cyclophosphamide (CPM) and prophylactic intrathecal chemotherapy was used as salvage therapy in seven children with refractory or relapsed T-cell leukaemia or lymphoma. The most common side effects attributable to the AraG included Grade 2 and 3 sensory and motor neuropathy and ENTD musculoskeletal pain ENTDEND
1	ENTC AraG ENTCEND included Grade 2 and 3 sensory and motor neuropathy and ENTD musculoskeletal pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND  although ENTD neurological toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC etoposide ENTCEND and cyclophosphamide, although ENTD neurological toxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC AraG ENTCEND included Grade 2 and 3 sensory and motor ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND  in relapsed/refractory paediatric ENTD T-cell lymphoblastic leukaemia and lymphoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD T-cell lymphoblastic leukaemia and lymphoma ENTDEND .A combination of 5 d of nelarabine (AraG) with 5 d of ENTC etoposide ENTCEND
0	ENTD T-cell lymphoblastic leukaemia and lymphoma ENTDEND .A combination of 5 d of ENTC nelarabine ENTCEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND  in relapsed/refractory paediatric ENTD T-cell lymphoblastic leukaemia and lymphoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD T-cell lymphoblastic leukaemia and lymphoma ENTDEND .A combination of 5 d of nelarabine (AraG) with 5 d of ENTC etoposide ENTCEND
0	ENTD T-cell lymphoblastic leukaemia and lymphoma ENTDEND .A combination of 5 d of ENTC nelarabine ENTCEND
0	ENTC CPM ENTCEND  and prophylactic intrathecal chemotherapy was used as salvage therapy in seven children with refractory or relapsed T-cell leukaemia or lymphoma. The most common side effects attributable to the AraG included Grade 2 and 3 sensory and motor neuropathy and musculoskeletal pain. ENTD Haematological toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD Haematological toxicity ENTDEND was greater for the combination than AraG alone, although median time to neutrophil and platelet recovery was consistent with other salvage therapies. All patients had some response to the combined therapy and five of the seven went into complete remission after one or two courses of AraG/ ENTC VP ENTCEND
1	ENTD Haematological toxicity ENTDEND was greater for the combination than ENTC AraG ENTCEND
1	ENTD amnesia ENTDEND  during procedural sedation with ENTC propofol ENTCEND
0	ENTD ventricular fibrillation ENTDEND threshold was reduced by 30 to 40 percent of the control when pH and partial pressures of oxygen ( ENTC PO2 ENTCEND
1	ENTC aminophylline ENTCEND  the ENTD ventricular fibrillation ENTDEND
0	ENTD ventricular fibrillation ENTDEND threshold was reduced by 30 to 40 percent of the control when pH and partial pressures of oxygen (PO2) and ENTC carbon dioxide ENTCEND
0	ENTD ventricular fibrillation ENTDEND threshold was reduced by 30 to 40 percent of the control when pH and partial pressures of ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
0	ENTC PO2 ENTCEND  and carbon dioxide (CO2) were kept within normal limits. When respiratory failure was produced by hypoventilation (pH 7.05 to 7.25; PC02 70 to 100 mm Hg: P02 20 to 40 mm Hg), infusion of aminophylline resulted in an even greater decrease in ventricular fibrillation threshold to 60 percent of the control level. These experiments suggest that although many factors may contribute to the increased incidence of ENTD ventricular arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTD ventricular arrhythmias ENTDEND in respiratory failure, pharmacologic agents, particularly ENTC aminophylline ENTCEND
0	ENTC CO2 ENTCEND  were kept within normal limits. When respiratory failure was produced by hypoventilation (pH 7.05 to 7.25; PC02 70 to 100 mm Hg: P02 20 to 40 mm Hg), infusion of aminophylline resulted in an even greater decrease in ventricular fibrillation threshold to 60 percent of the control level. These experiments suggest that although many factors may contribute to the increased incidence of ENTD ventricular arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND (PO2) and carbon dioxide (CO2) were kept within normal limits. When respiratory failure was produced by hypoventilation (pH 7.05 to 7.25; PC02 70 to 100 mm Hg: P02 20 to 40 mm Hg), infusion of aminophylline resulted in an even greater decrease in ventricular fibrillation threshold to 60 percent of the control level. These experiments suggest that although many factors may contribute to the increased incidence of ENTD ventricular arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac disturbances ENTDEND in patients with respiratory failure has only recently been emphasized. The effects of aminophylline on the ventricular fibrillation threshold during normal acid-base conditions and during respiratory failure were studied in anesthetized open chest dogs. The ventricular fibrillation threshold was measured by passing a gated train of 12 constant current pulses through the ventricular myocardium during the vulnerable period of the cardiac cycle. During the infusion of aminophylline, the ventricular fibrillation threshold was reduced by 30 to 40 percent of the control when pH and partial pressures of oxygen ( ENTC PO2 ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac disturbances ENTDEND in patients with respiratory failure has only recently been emphasized. The effects of ENTC aminophylline ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac disturbances ENTDEND in patients with respiratory failure has only recently been emphasized. The effects of aminophylline on the ventricular fibrillation threshold during normal acid-base conditions and during respiratory failure were studied in anesthetized open chest dogs. The ventricular fibrillation threshold was measured by passing a gated train of 12 constant current pulses through the ventricular myocardium during the vulnerable period of the cardiac cycle. During the infusion of aminophylline, the ventricular fibrillation threshold was reduced by 30 to 40 percent of the control when pH and partial pressures of oxygen (PO2) and ENTC carbon dioxide ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac disturbances ENTDEND in patients with respiratory failure has only recently been emphasized. The effects of aminophylline on the ventricular fibrillation threshold during normal acid-base conditions and during respiratory failure were studied in anesthetized open chest dogs. The ventricular fibrillation threshold was measured by passing a gated train of 12 constant current pulses through the ventricular myocardium during the vulnerable period of the cardiac cycle. During the infusion of aminophylline, the ventricular fibrillation threshold was reduced by 30 to 40 percent of the control when pH and partial pressures of ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
0	ENTC PO2 ENTCEND  and carbon dioxide (CO2) were kept within normal limits. When ENTD respiratory failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD respiratory failure ENTDEND  pharmacologic agents, particularly ENTC aminophylline ENTCEND
0	ENTC CO2 ENTCEND  were kept within normal limits. When ENTD respiratory failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND (PO2) and carbon dioxide (CO2) were kept within normal limits. When ENTD respiratory failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC PO2 ENTCEND  and carbon dioxide (CO2) were kept within normal limits. When respiratory failure was produced by ENTD hypoventilation ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypoventilation ENTDEND (pH 7.05 to 7.25; PC02 70 to 100 mm Hg: P02 20 to 40 mm Hg), infusion of ENTC aminophylline ENTCEND
0	ENTC CO2 ENTCEND  were kept within normal limits. When respiratory failure was produced by ENTD hypoventilation ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND (PO2) and carbon dioxide (CO2) were kept within normal limits. When respiratory failure was produced by ENTD hypoventilation ENTDEND
0	ENTD Amnesia ENTDEND produced by scopolamine and cycloheximide were reversed by ENTC morphine ENTCEND
1	ENTC cycloheximide ENTCEND induced ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC naloxone ENTCEND during the training trial. Similarly, pre-test scopolamine partially reversed the scopolamine-induced ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
1	ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND induced ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND induced tachycardia in conscious rats. Isoproterenol pretreatment for 15 days caused ENTD cardiac hypertrophy ENTDEND
1	ENTC Isoproterenol ENTCEND pretreatment for 15 days caused ENTD cardiac hypertrophy ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND D2 receptor activation and (ii) reduced by 5-day isoproterenol pretreatment, supporting therefore the hypothesis that this effect is dependent on sympathetic outflow to the heart. This study was conducted to examine whether prolonged pretreatment with isoproterenol could abolish bromocriptine-induced tachycardia in conscious rats. Isoproterenol pretreatment for 15 days caused ENTD cardiac hypertrophy ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac hypertrophy ENTDEND without affecting baseline blood pressure and heart rate. In control rats, intravenous bromocriptine (150 microg/kg) induced significant hypotension and tachycardia. Bromocriptine-induced hypotension was unaffected by isoproterenol pretreatment, while tachycardia was reversed to significant bradycardia, an effect that was partly reduced by i.v. ENTC domperidone ENTCEND
1	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND  ENTC Bromocriptine ENTCEND
0	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND in conscious rats. ENTC Isoproterenol ENTCEND
0	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND  which persisted after adrenalectomy, is (i) mediated by central ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND was reversed to significant bradycardia, an effect that was partly reduced by i.v. ENTC domperidone ENTCEND
1	ENTC Bromocriptine ENTCEND induced ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND was unaffected by ENTC isoproterenol ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND D2 receptor activation and (ii) reduced by 5-day isoproterenol pretreatment, supporting therefore the hypothesis that this effect is dependent on sympathetic outflow to the heart. This study was conducted to examine whether prolonged pretreatment with isoproterenol could abolish bromocriptine-induced tachycardia in conscious rats. Isoproterenol pretreatment for 15 days caused cardiac hypertrophy without affecting baseline blood pressure and heart rate. In control rats, intravenous bromocriptine (150 microg/kg) induced significant ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND was unaffected by isoproterenol pretreatment, while tachycardia was reversed to significant bradycardia, an effect that was partly reduced by i.v. ENTC domperidone ENTCEND
0	ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND induced tachycardia to ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
1	ENTC isoproterenol ENTCEND pretreatment, while tachycardia was reversed to significant ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND of this agonist at peripheral ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND  an effect that was partly reduced by i.v. ENTC domperidone ENTCEND
1	ENTC penicillamine ENTCEND  therapy in one patient with rheumatoid arthritis. ENTD Skin rashes ENTDEND
1	ENTC penicillamine ENTCEND  therapy in one patient with rheumatoid arthritis.Skin rashes, ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
1	ENTC penicillamine ENTCEND  therapy in one patient with rheumatoid arthritis.Skin rashes, proteinuria, ENTD systemic lupus erythematosus ENTDEND
1	ENTD myasthenia gravis ENTDEND have all been recorded as complications of ENTC penicillamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD polymyositis ENTDEND and myasthenia gravis have all been recorded as complications of ENTC penicillamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC penicillamine ENTCEND therapy in patients with rheumatoid arthritis. A patient who had developed all 5 is now described. The skin lesion resembled ENTD elastosis perforans serpiginosa ENTDEND
0	ENTC penicillamine ENTCEND therapy in patients with rheumatoid arthritis. A patient who had developed all 5 is now described. The ENTD skin lesion ENTDEND
0	ENTD Wilson's disease ENTDEND but not in patients with rheumatoid arthritis treated with ENTC penicillamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND treated with ENTC penicillamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC N-methyl-d-aspartate ENTCEND receptors (NMDARs) and a negative modulator of gamma-aminobutyric acid(A) receptors (GABA(A)Rs). Moreover, PREGS is able to reverse the ENTD amnesic ENTDEND
0	ENTD amnesic ENTDEND like effects of NMDAR and ENTC GABA ENTCEND
0	ENTD amnesia ENTDEND  Both ENTC PREGS ENTCEND
0	ENTC Steroid ENTCEND  structure and pharmacological properties determine the anti ENTD amnesic ENTDEND
1	ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND induced ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND  Seventy-one participants completed 2 separate study days and were blind to medication condition (placebo, 10-mg ENTC oxycodone ENTCEND
0	ENTD chronic pain ENTDEND  neurocognitive and pharmacodynamic changes in response to a 10-mg dose of immediate-release ENTC oxycodone ENTCEND
1	ENTC oxycodone ENTCEND concentration peaked between 60 and 90 minutes postdose (P < .01) and pupil size, an indication of physiological effects of the medication, peaked at approximately 90 to 120 minutes postdose (P < .01). Significant ENTD declines in simple and sustained attention, working memory, and verbal memory ENTDEND
1	ENTC oxycodone ENTCEND concentration peaked between 60 and 90 minutes postdose (P < .01) and pupil size, an indication of physiological effects of the medication, peaked at approximately 90 to 120 minutes postdose (P < .01). Significant ENTD declines in simple and sustained attention, working memory, and verbal memory ENTDEND
0	ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND de novo. Podocyte injury and focal segmental ENTD glomerulosclerosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND  in renal transplant recipients with ENTD chronic allograft nephropathy ENTDEND
1	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND was due to ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD long QT syndrome ENTDEND and torsade de pointes. However, the torsadogenic potential of metoclopramide, a commonly used antiemetic and prokinetic drug, has not been reported in the literature, despite its chemical similarity to ENTC procainamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD long QT syndrome ENTDEND and torsade de pointes. However, the torsadogenic potential of ENTC metoclopramide ENTCEND
0	ENTD long QT syndrome ENTDEND and torsade de pointes. However, the torsadogenic potential of metoclopramide, a commonly used antiemetic and prokinetic drug, has not been reported in the literature, despite its chemical similarity to procainamide. We report on a 92-year-old woman with preexisting complete left bundle branch block who developed torsade de pointes after intravenous and oral administration of metoclopramide. This patient also developed torsade de pointes when ENTC cisapride ENTCEND
0	ENTD long QT syndrome ENTDEND and torsade de pointes. However, the torsadogenic potential of metoclopramide, a commonly used antiemetic and prokinetic drug, has not been reported in the literature, despite its chemical similarity to procainamide. We report on a 92-year-old woman with preexisting complete left bundle branch block who developed torsade de pointes after intravenous and oral administration of metoclopramide. This patient also developed torsade de pointes when cisapride and ENTC erythromycin ENTCEND
0	ENTC procainamide ENTCEND  We report on a 92-year-old woman with preexisting complete left bundle branch block who developed ENTD torsade de pointes ENTDEND
1	ENTC metoclopramide ENTCEND provokes ENTD torsade de pointes ENTDEND
1	ENTD torsade de pointes ENTDEND when ENTC cisapride ENTCEND
1	ENTD torsade de pointes ENTDEND when cisapride and ENTC erythromycin ENTCEND
0	ENTC procainamide ENTCEND  We report on a 92-year-old woman with preexisting complete ENTD left bundle branch block ENTDEND
0	ENTC metoclopramide ENTCEND  in an elderly woman with preexisting complete ENTD left bundle branch block ENTDEND
0	ENTD left bundle branch block ENTDEND who developed torsade de pointes after intravenous and oral administration of metoclopramide. This patient also developed torsade de pointes when ENTC cisapride ENTCEND
0	ENTD left bundle branch block ENTDEND who developed torsade de pointes after intravenous and oral administration of metoclopramide. This patient also developed torsade de pointes when cisapride and ENTC erythromycin ENTCEND
1	ENTC puromycin aminonucleoside ENTCEND ENTD nephrosis ENTDEND
1	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND starts. Using ENTC puromycin aminonucleoside ENTCEND
1	ENTC propofol ENTCEND at all doses used in this study. However, marked ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND
1	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND associated with the use of ENTC ephedrine ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND response to ENTC propofol ENTCEND
0	ENTC ephedrine ENTCEND to propofol in order to obtund the ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND
0	ENTD myocardial ischemia ENTDEND  we would not recommend the use in elderly patients of any of the ephedrine/ ENTC propofol ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial ischemia ENTDEND  we would not recommend the use in elderly patients of any of the ENTC ephedrine ENTCEND
0	ENTD atrial flutter ENTDEND without intra-Hisian or infra-Hisian delay. ENTC Amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND treatment for atrial tachycardia in a patient without clear ENTD intraventricular conduction abnormalities ENTDEND
0	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND treatment for ENTD atrial tachycardia ENTDEND
1	ENTD intra-Hisian block ENTDEND occurring under ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTC PG-9 ENTCEND (5-20 microg per mouse, i.c.v.) was also able to prevent antimuscarine-induced ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND releaser, on memory processes and nerve growth factor (NGF) synthesis were evaluated. In the mouse passive-avoidance test, PG-9 (10-30 mg/kg, i.p.), administered 20 min before the training session, prevented ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
1	ENTD amnesia ENTDEND induced by both the non selective antimuscarinic drug scopolamine and the M1-selective antagonist ENTC S-(-)-ET-126 ENTCEND
1	ENTD amnesia ENTDEND induced by both the non selective antimuscarinic drug ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC clarithromycin ENTCEND  The ENTD dysrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTC macrolides ENTCEND  We report a case of ENTD ventricular dysrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTC erythromycin ENTCEND but has never been reported with the newer macrolides. We report a case of ENTD ventricular dysrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTD Cardiotoxicity ENTDEND has been demonstrated after both intravenous and oral administration of erythromycin but has never been reported with the newer macrolides. We report a case of ventricular dysrhythmias that occurred after six therapeutic doses of ENTC clarithromycin ENTCEND
0	ENTC macrolides ENTCEND is still being recorded. ENTD Cardiotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD Cardiotoxicity ENTDEND has been demonstrated after both intravenous and oral administration of ENTC erythromycin ENTCEND
0	ENTC Clarithromycin ENTCEND is a relatively new macrolide antibiotic that offers twice-daily dosing. It differs from erythromycin only in the methylation of the hydroxyl group at position 6. Although the side-effect profile of erythromycin is established, including ENTD gastroenteritis ENTDEND
0	ENTD gastroenteritis ENTDEND and interactions with other drugs subject to hepatic mixed-function oxidase metabolism, experience with the newer ENTC macrolides ENTCEND
1	ENTC erythromycin ENTCEND is established, including ENTD gastroenteritis ENTDEND
1	ENTD ventricular tachycardia ENTDEND . ENTC Clarithromycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD ventricular tachycardia ENTDEND .Clarithromycin is a relatively new ENTC macrolide ENTCEND
0	ENTD ventricular tachycardia ENTDEND .Clarithromycin is a relatively new macrolide antibiotic that offers twice-daily dosing. It differs from ENTC erythromycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND with disabling dyskinesia were included in this study to evaluate the role of mental (mental calculation) and motor (flexion/extension of right fingers, flexion/extension of left fingers, flexion/extension of the neck, speaking aloud) tasks on the worsening of peak-dose dyskinesia following administration of an effective single dose of ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND
0	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND -induced dyskinesias by motor and mental tasks.Ten patients who had ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
1	ENTD dyskinesia ENTDEND following administration of an effective single dose of ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND
1	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND -induced ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND
1	ENTC Selegiline ENTCEND -induced ENTD postural hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD orthostatic hypotension ENTDEND  The possibilities that these cardiovascular findings might be the result of non-selective inhibition of monoamine oxidase or of amphetamine and ENTC metamphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD orthostatic hypotension ENTDEND  The possibilities that these cardiovascular findings might be the result of non-selective inhibition of monoamine oxidase or of ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC L-dopa ENTCEND is associated with selective ENTD orthostatic hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD PD ENTDEND patients on ENTC selegiline ENTCEND
0	ENTD PD ENTDEND patients on selegiline, one of whom lost consciousness with unrecordable blood pressures. A lesser degree of orthostatic hypotension occurred with standing. Orthostatic hypotension was ameliorated 4 days after withdrawal of selegiline and totally abolished 7 days after discontinuation of the drug. Stopping selegiline also significantly reduced the supine systolic and diastolic blood pressures consistent with a previously undescribed supine pressor action. CONCLUSION: This study confirms our previous finding that selegiline in combination with L-dopa is associated with selective orthostatic hypotension. The possibilities that these cardiovascular findings might be the result of non-selective inhibition of monoamine oxidase or of amphetamine and ENTC metamphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD PD ENTDEND patients on selegiline, one of whom lost consciousness with unrecordable blood pressures. A lesser degree of orthostatic hypotension occurred with standing. Orthostatic hypotension was ameliorated 4 days after withdrawal of selegiline and totally abolished 7 days after discontinuation of the drug. Stopping selegiline also significantly reduced the supine systolic and diastolic blood pressures consistent with a previously undescribed supine pressor action. CONCLUSION: This study confirms our previous finding that selegiline in combination with L-dopa is associated with selective orthostatic hypotension. The possibilities that these cardiovascular findings might be the result of non-selective inhibition of monoamine oxidase or of ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD PD ENTDEND  randomized to receive 10 mg selegiline per day and ENTC L-dopa ENTCEND
1	ENTD VFD ENTDEND  associated with cumulative lifetime exposure, we explored the effects of sub-chronic low dose ENTC GVG ENTCEND
0	ENTD VFD ENTDEND  associated with cumulative lifetime exposure, we explored the effects of sub-chronic low dose GVG on cocaine-induced increases in nucleus accumbens (NAcc) ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD VFD ENTDEND  associated with cumulative lifetime exposure, we explored the effects of sub-chronic low dose GVG on ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC GABA ENTCEND catabolism. OBJECTIVES: Given its preclinical success for treating substance abuse and the increased risk of ENTD visual field defects ENTDEND
0	ENTD substance abuse ENTDEND and the increased risk of visual field defects (VFD) associated with cumulative lifetime exposure, we explored the effects of sub-chronic low dose ENTC GVG ENTCEND
0	ENTD substance abuse ENTDEND and the increased risk of visual field defects (VFD) associated with cumulative lifetime exposure, we explored the effects of sub-chronic low dose GVG on cocaine-induced increases in nucleus accumbens (NAcc) ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD substance abuse ENTDEND and the increased risk of visual field defects (VFD) associated with cumulative lifetime exposure, we explored the effects of sub-chronic low dose GVG on ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC GABA ENTCEND catabolism. OBJECTIVES: Given its preclinical success for treating ENTD substance abuse ENTDEND
1	ENTC PTU ENTCEND -associated ENTD vasculitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC PTU ENTCEND  Subsequent treatment of persistent ENTD hyperthyroidism ENTDEND
0	ENTC PTU ENTCEND -associated vasculitis in a girl with Turner Syndrome and ENTD Graves' disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD purpuric lesions ENTDEND  The diagnosis of ENTC propylthiouracil ENTCEND
0	ENTC PTU ENTCEND -associated vasculitis in a girl with ENTD Turner Syndrome ENTDEND
1	ENTD prolonged QT interval ENTDEND and torsades de pointes (TdP) after taking ENTC ketoconazole ENTCEND
0	ENTC ketoconazole ENTCEND for treatment of ENTD fungal infection ENTDEND
0	ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND who developed a markedly prolonged QT interval and torsades de pointes (TdP) after taking ENTC ketoconazole ENTCEND
1	ENTD TdP ENTDEND  after taking ENTC ketoconazole ENTCEND
0	ENTD anxiety ENTDEND were indistinguishable from those of neuroleptic-induced akathisia. Three patients who had experienced neuroleptic-induced akathisia in the past reported that the symptoms of fluoxetine-induced akathisia were identical, although somewhat milder. Akathisia appeared to be a common side effect of fluoxetine and generally responded well to treatment with the beta-adrenergic antagonist propranolol, dose reduction, or both. The authors suggest that fluoxetine-induced akathisia may be caused by serotonergically mediated inhibition of dopaminergic neurotransmission and that the pathophysiology of fluoxetine-induced akathisia and tricyclic ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND
0	ENTC fluoxetine ENTCEND induced symptoms of restlessness, constant pacing, purposeless movements of the feet and legs, and marked ENTD anxiety ENTDEND
0	ENTD anxiety ENTDEND were indistinguishable from those of neuroleptic-induced akathisia. Three patients who had experienced neuroleptic-induced akathisia in the past reported that the symptoms of fluoxetine-induced akathisia were identical, although somewhat milder. Akathisia appeared to be a common side effect of fluoxetine and generally responded well to treatment with the beta-adrenergic antagonist ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD major depression ENTDEND developed akathisia. The typical fluoxetine-induced symptoms of restlessness, constant pacing, purposeless movements of the feet and legs, and marked anxiety were indistinguishable from those of neuroleptic-induced akathisia. Three patients who had experienced neuroleptic-induced akathisia in the past reported that the symptoms of fluoxetine-induced akathisia were identical, although somewhat milder. Akathisia appeared to be a common side effect of fluoxetine and generally responded well to treatment with the beta-adrenergic antagonist propranolol, dose reduction, or both. The authors suggest that fluoxetine-induced akathisia may be caused by serotonergically mediated inhibition of dopaminergic neurotransmission and that the pathophysiology of fluoxetine-induced akathisia and tricyclic ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND
0	ENTD major depression ENTDEND developed akathisia. The typical ENTC fluoxetine ENTCEND
0	ENTD major depression ENTDEND developed akathisia. The typical fluoxetine-induced symptoms of restlessness, constant pacing, purposeless movements of the feet and legs, and marked anxiety were indistinguishable from those of neuroleptic-induced akathisia. Three patients who had experienced neuroleptic-induced akathisia in the past reported that the symptoms of fluoxetine-induced akathisia were identical, although somewhat milder. Akathisia appeared to be a common side effect of fluoxetine and generally responded well to treatment with the beta-adrenergic antagonist ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD obsessive compulsive disorder ENTDEND or major depression developed akathisia. The typical fluoxetine-induced symptoms of restlessness, constant pacing, purposeless movements of the feet and legs, and marked anxiety were indistinguishable from those of neuroleptic-induced akathisia. Three patients who had experienced neuroleptic-induced akathisia in the past reported that the symptoms of fluoxetine-induced akathisia were identical, although somewhat milder. Akathisia appeared to be a common side effect of fluoxetine and generally responded well to treatment with the beta-adrenergic antagonist propranolol, dose reduction, or both. The authors suggest that fluoxetine-induced akathisia may be caused by serotonergically mediated inhibition of dopaminergic neurotransmission and that the pathophysiology of fluoxetine-induced akathisia and tricyclic ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND
0	ENTC fluoxetine ENTCEND for the treatment of ENTD obsessive compulsive disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTD obsessive compulsive disorder ENTDEND or major depression developed akathisia. The typical fluoxetine-induced symptoms of restlessness, constant pacing, purposeless movements of the feet and legs, and marked anxiety were indistinguishable from those of neuroleptic-induced akathisia. Three patients who had experienced neuroleptic-induced akathisia in the past reported that the symptoms of fluoxetine-induced akathisia were identical, although somewhat milder. Akathisia appeared to be a common side effect of fluoxetine and generally responded well to treatment with the beta-adrenergic antagonist ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD akathisia ENTDEND and tricyclic ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND
1	ENTC Fluoxetine ENTCEND -induced ENTD akathisia ENTDEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND  dose reduction, or both. The authors suggest that fluoxetine-induced ENTD akathisia ENTDEND
0	ENTC adenosine ENTCEND A2A receptor antagonists. Furthermore, KF17837 may be a useful drug in the treatment of ENTD parkinsonism ENTDEND
0	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND (1 mg/kg i.p.) and by reserpine (5 mg/kg i.p.). These anticataleptic effects were exhibited dose dependently at doses from 0.625 and 2.5 mg/kg p.o., respectively. Moreover, KF17837 (0.625 mg/kg p.o.) potentiated the anticataleptic effects of a subthreshold dose of L-3,4-dihydroxyphenylalanine (L-DOPA; 25 mg/kg i.p.) plus benserazide (6.25 mg/kg i.p.). These results suggested that KF17837 is a centrally active adenosine A2A receptor antagonist and that the dopaminergic function of the nigrostriatal pathway is potentiated by adenosine A2A receptor antagonists. Furthermore, KF17837 may be a useful drug in the treatment of ENTD parkinsonism ENTDEND
0	ENTC L-DOPA ENTCEND  25 mg/kg i.p.) plus benserazide (6.25 mg/kg i.p.). These results suggested that KF17837 is a centrally active adenosine A2A receptor antagonist and that the dopaminergic function of the nigrostriatal pathway is potentiated by adenosine A2A receptor antagonists. Furthermore, KF17837 may be a useful drug in the treatment of ENTD parkinsonism ENTDEND
0	ENTC KF17837 ENTCEND may be a useful drug in the treatment of ENTD parkinsonism ENTDEND
0	ENTC CGS 21680 ENTCEND (10 micrograms), in a dose-dependent manner. KF17837 also reduced the catalepsy induced by haloperidol (1 mg/kg i.p.) and by reserpine (5 mg/kg i.p.). These anticataleptic effects were exhibited dose dependently at doses from 0.625 and 2.5 mg/kg p.o., respectively. Moreover, KF17837 (0.625 mg/kg p.o.) potentiated the anticataleptic effects of a subthreshold dose of L-3,4-dihydroxyphenylalanine (L-DOPA; 25 mg/kg i.p.) plus benserazide (6.25 mg/kg i.p.). These results suggested that KF17837 is a centrally active adenosine A2A receptor antagonist and that the dopaminergic function of the nigrostriatal pathway is potentiated by adenosine A2A receptor antagonists. Furthermore, KF17837 may be a useful drug in the treatment of ENTD parkinsonism ENTDEND
0	ENTC reserpine ENTCEND (5 mg/kg i.p.). These anticataleptic effects were exhibited dose dependently at doses from 0.625 and 2.5 mg/kg p.o., respectively. Moreover, KF17837 (0.625 mg/kg p.o.) potentiated the anticataleptic effects of a subthreshold dose of L-3,4-dihydroxyphenylalanine (L-DOPA; 25 mg/kg i.p.) plus benserazide (6.25 mg/kg i.p.). These results suggested that KF17837 is a centrally active adenosine A2A receptor antagonist and that the dopaminergic function of the nigrostriatal pathway is potentiated by adenosine A2A receptor antagonists. Furthermore, KF17837 may be a useful drug in the treatment of ENTD parkinsonism ENTDEND
0	ENTC benserazide ENTCEND (6.25 mg/kg i.p.). These results suggested that KF17837 is a centrally active adenosine A2A receptor antagonist and that the dopaminergic function of the nigrostriatal pathway is potentiated by adenosine A2A receptor antagonists. Furthermore, KF17837 may be a useful drug in the treatment of ENTD parkinsonism ENTDEND
0	ENTD cataleptic ENTDEND responses induced by intracerebroventricular administration of an ENTC adenosine ENTCEND
1	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND induced by ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND induced by haloperidol (1 mg/kg i.p.) and by reserpine (5 mg/kg i.p.). These anticataleptic effects were exhibited dose dependently at doses from 0.625 and 2.5 mg/kg p.o., respectively. Moreover, KF17837 (0.625 mg/kg p.o.) potentiated the anticataleptic effects of a subthreshold dose of ENTC L-3,4-dihydroxyphenylalanine ENTCEND
0	ENTC KF17837 ENTCEND also reduced the ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
1	ENTC CGS 21680 ENTCEND (10 micrograms), in a dose-dependent manner. KF17837 also reduced the ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
1	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND induced by haloperidol (1 mg/kg i.p.) and by ENTC reserpine ENTCEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND induced by haloperidol (1 mg/kg i.p.) and by reserpine (5 mg/kg i.p.). These anticataleptic effects were exhibited dose dependently at doses from 0.625 and 2.5 mg/kg p.o., respectively. Moreover, KF17837 (0.625 mg/kg p.o.) potentiated the anticataleptic effects of a subthreshold dose of L-3,4-dihydroxyphenylalanine (L-DOPA; 25 mg/kg i.p.) plus ENTC benserazide ENTCEND
0	ENTC alendronate ENTCEND ) administration in a patient with ENTD focal segmental glomerulosclerosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD focal segmental glomerulosclerosis ENTDEND was initially responding well to ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTD focal segmental glomerulosclerosis ENTDEND was initially responding well to steroid therapy. The amount of daily urinary protein decreased from 15.6 to 2.8 g. Within 14 days of the oral bisphosphonate (alendronate sodium) administration, the amount of daily urinary protein increased rapidly up to 12.8 g with acute renal failure. After discontinuing the oral alendronate, the patient underwent six cycles of hemodialysis and four cycles of LDL apheresis. Urinary volume and serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTC bisphosphonate ENTCEND  (alendronate) administration in a patient with ENTD focal segmental glomerulosclerosis ENTDEND
1	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND  after oral bisphosphonate ENTC alendronate ENTCEND
0	ENTC steroid ENTCEND therapy. The amount of daily urinary protein decreased from 15.6 to 2.8 g. Within 14 days of the oral bisphosphonate (alendronate sodium) administration, the amount of daily urinary protein increased rapidly up to 12.8 g with ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND  After discontinuing the oral alendronate, the patient underwent six cycles of hemodialysis and four cycles of LDL apheresis. Urinary volume and serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND  after oral ENTC bisphosphonate ENTCEND
0	ENTC alendronate ENTCEND ) administration in a patient with focal segmental glomerulosclerosis.A 61-year-old Japanese man with ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND due to focal segmental glomerulosclerosis was initially responding well to ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND due to focal segmental glomerulosclerosis was initially responding well to steroid therapy. The amount of daily urinary protein decreased from 15.6 to 2.8 g. Within 14 days of the oral bisphosphonate (alendronate sodium) administration, the amount of daily urinary protein increased rapidly up to 12.8 g with acute renal failure. After discontinuing the oral alendronate, the patient underwent six cycles of hemodialysis and four cycles of LDL apheresis. Urinary volume and serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTC bisphosphonate ENTCEND  (alendronate) administration in a patient with focal segmental glomerulosclerosis.A 61-year-old Japanese man with ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND
1	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND  and acute renal failure after oral bisphosphonate ENTC alendronate ENTCEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND  and acute renal failure after oral bisphosphonate (alendronate) administration in a patient with focal segmental glomerulosclerosis.A 61-year-old Japanese man with nephrotic syndrome due to focal segmental glomerulosclerosis was initially responding well to ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND levels recovered to the normal range, with urinary protein disappearing completely within 40 days. This report demonstrates that not only intravenous, but also oral bisphosphonates can aggravate ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC bisphosphonates ENTCEND can aggravate ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC prednisone ENTCEND  and then tacrolimus, her cholestatic disease was unrelenting, with ENTD cirrhosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC ursodeoxycholic acid ENTCEND  prednisone, and then tacrolimus, her cholestatic disease was unrelenting, with ENTD cirrhosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND  her cholestatic disease was unrelenting, with ENTD cirrhosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC ibuprofen ENTCEND use. Despite therapy with ursodeoxycholic acid, prednisone, and then tacrolimus, her cholestatic disease was unrelenting, with ENTD cirrhosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC prednisone ENTCEND  and then tacrolimus, her ENTD cholestatic disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC ursodeoxycholic acid ENTCEND  prednisone, and then tacrolimus, her ENTD cholestatic disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND  her ENTD cholestatic disease ENTDEND
1	ENTC ibuprofen ENTCEND use. Despite therapy with ursodeoxycholic acid, prednisone, and then tacrolimus, her ENTD cholestatic disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD infection ENTDEND induced, and has classic systemic, mucosal, and dermatologic manifestations. A previously healthy child who developed acute, severe, rapidly progressive vanishing bile duct syndrome shortly after Stevens-Johnson syndrome is described; this was temporally associated with ibuprofen use. Despite therapy with ursodeoxycholic acid, ENTC prednisone ENTCEND
0	ENTD infection ENTDEND induced, and has classic systemic, mucosal, and dermatologic manifestations. A previously healthy child who developed acute, severe, rapidly progressive vanishing bile duct syndrome shortly after Stevens-Johnson syndrome is described; this was temporally associated with ibuprofen use. Despite therapy with ENTC ursodeoxycholic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD infection ENTDEND induced, and has classic systemic, mucosal, and dermatologic manifestations. A previously healthy child who developed acute, severe, rapidly progressive vanishing bile duct syndrome shortly after Stevens-Johnson syndrome is described; this was temporally associated with ibuprofen use. Despite therapy with ursodeoxycholic acid, prednisone, and then ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD infection ENTDEND induced, and has classic systemic, mucosal, and dermatologic manifestations. A previously healthy child who developed acute, severe, rapidly progressive vanishing bile duct syndrome shortly after Stevens-Johnson syndrome is described; this was temporally associated with ENTC ibuprofen ENTCEND
0	ENTD Stevens-Johnson syndrome ENTDEND is described; this was temporally associated with ibuprofen use. Despite therapy with ursodeoxycholic acid, ENTC prednisone ENTCEND
0	ENTD Stevens-Johnson syndrome ENTDEND is described; this was temporally associated with ibuprofen use. Despite therapy with ENTC ursodeoxycholic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD Stevens-Johnson syndrome ENTDEND is described; this was temporally associated with ibuprofen use. Despite therapy with ursodeoxycholic acid, prednisone, and then ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
1	ENTD Stevens-Johnson syndrome ENTDEND is described; this was temporally associated with ENTC ibuprofen ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypersensitivity ENTDEND reaction that affects all age groups, is drug or infection induced, and has classic systemic, mucosal, and dermatologic manifestations. A previously healthy child who developed acute, severe, rapidly progressive vanishing bile duct syndrome shortly after Stevens-Johnson syndrome is described; this was temporally associated with ibuprofen use. Despite therapy with ursodeoxycholic acid, ENTC prednisone ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypersensitivity ENTDEND reaction that affects all age groups, is drug or infection induced, and has classic systemic, mucosal, and dermatologic manifestations. A previously healthy child who developed acute, severe, rapidly progressive vanishing bile duct syndrome shortly after Stevens-Johnson syndrome is described; this was temporally associated with ibuprofen use. Despite therapy with ENTC ursodeoxycholic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypersensitivity ENTDEND reaction that affects all age groups, is drug or infection induced, and has classic systemic, mucosal, and dermatologic manifestations. A previously healthy child who developed acute, severe, rapidly progressive vanishing bile duct syndrome shortly after Stevens-Johnson syndrome is described; this was temporally associated with ibuprofen use. Despite therapy with ursodeoxycholic acid, prednisone, and then ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypersensitivity ENTDEND reaction that affects all age groups, is drug or infection induced, and has classic systemic, mucosal, and dermatologic manifestations. A previously healthy child who developed acute, severe, rapidly progressive vanishing bile duct syndrome shortly after Stevens-Johnson syndrome is described; this was temporally associated with ENTC ibuprofen ENTCEND
0	ENTD vanishing bile duct syndrome ENTDEND shortly after Stevens-Johnson syndrome is described; this was temporally associated with ibuprofen use. Despite therapy with ursodeoxycholic acid, ENTC prednisone ENTCEND
0	ENTD vanishing bile duct syndrome ENTDEND shortly after Stevens-Johnson syndrome is described; this was temporally associated with ibuprofen use. Despite therapy with ENTC ursodeoxycholic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND  her cholestatic disease was unrelenting, with cirrhosis shown by biopsy 6 months after presentation. This case documents acute drug-related ENTD vanishing bile duct syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTD vanishing bile duct syndrome ENTDEND shortly after Stevens-Johnson syndrome is described; this was temporally associated with ENTC ibuprofen ENTCEND
0	ENTD pupillary oscillation ENTDEND were able to significantly distinguish a group of abstinent ENTC crack cocaine ENTCEND
1	ENTD pupillary oscillation ENTDEND  as a marker of ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC crack ENTCEND addicts who denied past ENTD CIP ENTDEND
1	ENTD paranoia ENTDEND . ENTC Cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiovascular disease ENTDEND  long-term use of combined continuous HT significantly increased the risk of venous thrombo-embolism.One trial analysed subgroups of 2839 relatively healthy 50 to 59 year old women taking combined continuous HT and 1637 taking ENTC oestrogen ENTCEND
0	ENTD cancer ENTDEND  gallbladder disease, cognition, fractures and quality of life. SEARCH STRATEGY: We searched the following databases to November 2007: Trials Register of the Cochrane Menstrual Disorders and Subfertility Group, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, MEDLINE, EMBASE, Biological Abstracts. Also relevant non-indexed journals and conference abstracts. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised double-blind trials of HT versus placebo, taken for at least one year by perimenopausal or postmenopausal women. HT included oestrogens, with or without ENTC progestogens ENTCEND
0	ENTD cancer ENTDEND  gallbladder disease, cognition, fractures and quality of life. SEARCH STRATEGY: We searched the following databases to November 2007: Trials Register of the Cochrane Menstrual Disorders and Subfertility Group, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, MEDLINE, EMBASE, Biological Abstracts. Also relevant non-indexed journals and conference abstracts. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised double-blind trials of HT versus placebo, taken for at least one year by perimenopausal or postmenopausal women. HT included ENTC oestrogens ENTCEND
0	ENTC progestogens ENTCEND  via oral, transdermal, subcutaneous or transnasal routes. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. MAIN RESULTS: Nineteen trials involving 41,904 women were included. In relatively healthy women, combined continuous HT significantly increased the risk of venous thrombo-embolism or coronary event (after one year's use), stroke (after three years), ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND and gallbladder disease. Long-term ENTC oestrogen ENTCEND
0	ENTC progestogens ENTCEND  via oral, transdermal, subcutaneous or transnasal routes. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. MAIN RESULTS: Nineteen trials involving 41,904 women were included. In relatively healthy women, combined continuous HT significantly increased the risk of venous thrombo-embolism or coronary event (after one year's use), stroke (after three years), breast cancer and gallbladder disease. Long-term oestrogen-only HT significantly increased the risk of venous thrombo-embolism, stroke and gallbladder disease (after one to two years, three years and seven years' use respectively), but did not significantly increase the risk of breast cancer. The only statistically significant benefits of HT were a decreased incidence of fractures and (for combined HT) ENTD colon cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTC oestrogen ENTCEND only HT significantly increased the risk of venous thrombo-embolism, stroke and gallbladder disease (after one to two years, three years and seven years' use respectively), but did not significantly increase the risk of breast cancer. The only statistically significant benefits of HT were a decreased incidence of fractures and (for combined HT) ENTD colon cancer ENTDEND
1	ENTC progestogens ENTCEND  via oral, transdermal, subcutaneous or transnasal routes. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. MAIN RESULTS: Nineteen trials involving 41,904 women were included. In relatively healthy women, combined continuous HT significantly increased the risk of ENTD venous thrombo-embolism ENTDEND
1	ENTC oestrogen ENTCEND only HT significantly increased the risk of ENTD venous thrombo-embolism ENTDEND
0	ENTC progestogens ENTCEND  via oral, transdermal, subcutaneous or transnasal routes. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. MAIN RESULTS: Nineteen trials involving 41,904 women were included. In relatively healthy women, combined continuous HT significantly increased the risk of venous thrombo-embolism or coronary event (after one year's use), ENTD stroke ENTDEND
1	ENTD stroke ENTDEND (after three years), breast cancer and gallbladder disease. Long-term ENTC oestrogen ENTCEND
0	ENTD Menstrual Disorders ENTDEND and Subfertility Group, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, MEDLINE, EMBASE, Biological Abstracts. Also relevant non-indexed journals and conference abstracts. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised double-blind trials of HT versus placebo, taken for at least one year by perimenopausal or postmenopausal women. HT included oestrogens, with or without ENTC progestogens ENTCEND
0	ENTD Menstrual Disorders ENTDEND and Subfertility Group, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, MEDLINE, EMBASE, Biological Abstracts. Also relevant non-indexed journals and conference abstracts. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised double-blind trials of HT versus placebo, taken for at least one year by perimenopausal or postmenopausal women. HT included ENTC oestrogens ENTCEND
1	ENTD dementia ENTDEND  Among women with cardiovascular disease, long-term use of combined continuous HT significantly increased the risk of venous thrombo-embolism.One trial analysed subgroups of 2839 relatively healthy 50 to 59 year old women taking combined continuous HT and 1637 taking ENTC oestrogen ENTCEND
0	ENTD fractures ENTDEND and quality of life. SEARCH STRATEGY: We searched the following databases to November 2007: Trials Register of the Cochrane Menstrual Disorders and Subfertility Group, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, MEDLINE, EMBASE, Biological Abstracts. Also relevant non-indexed journals and conference abstracts. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised double-blind trials of HT versus placebo, taken for at least one year by perimenopausal or postmenopausal women. HT included oestrogens, with or without ENTC progestogens ENTCEND
0	ENTC oestrogen ENTCEND only HT significantly increased the risk of venous thrombo-embolism, stroke and gallbladder disease (after one to two years, three years and seven years' use respectively), but did not significantly increase the risk of breast cancer. The only statistically significant benefits of HT were a decreased incidence of ENTD fractures ENTDEND
0	ENTC progestogens ENTCEND  via oral, transdermal, subcutaneous or transnasal routes. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. MAIN RESULTS: Nineteen trials involving 41,904 women were included. In relatively healthy women, combined continuous HT significantly increased the risk of venous thrombo-embolism or coronary event (after one year's use), stroke (after three years), breast cancer and ENTD gallbladder disease ENTDEND
1	ENTD gallbladder disease ENTDEND  Long-term ENTC oestrogen ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND induced functional impairment model, and the charcoal meal test was used to evaluate the intestinal transit. Simultaneous administration of ENTC morphine ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND induced functional impairment model, and the charcoal meal test was used to evaluate the intestinal transit. Simultaneous administration of morphine with ENTC metamizol ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND induced functional impairment model, and the ENTC charcoal ENTCEND
1	ENTC morphine ENTCEND induced ENTD constipation ENTDEND
0	ENTC metamizol ENTCEND did not potentiate morphine-induced ENTD constipation ENTDEND
0	ENTD constipating ENTDEND effects of the combination of 3.2 mg/kg s.c. morphine with 177.8 mg/kg s.c. metamizol in acutely and chronically treated (once a day for 12 days) rats. On the 13th day, antinociceptive effects were assessed using a model of inflammatory nociception, pain-induced functional impairment model, and the ENTC charcoal ENTCEND
0	ENTC naloxone ENTCEND s.c. (P<0.05), suggesting the partial involvement of the opioidergic system in the synergism observed. In independent groups, morphine inhibited the intestinal transit in 48+/-4% and 38+/-4% after acute and chronic treatment, respectively, suggesting that tolerance did not develop to the ENTD constipating ENTDEND
0	ENTC morphine ENTCEND and metamizol in chronically treated rats, suggesting that this combination could be useful for the treatment of ENTD chronic pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC metamizol ENTCEND in chronically treated rats, suggesting that this combination could be useful for the treatment of ENTD chronic pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC naloxone ENTCEND s.c. (P<0.05), suggesting the partial involvement of the opioidergic system in the synergism observed. In independent groups, morphine inhibited the intestinal transit in 48+/-4% and 38+/-4% after acute and chronic treatment, respectively, suggesting that tolerance did not develop to the constipating effects. The combination inhibited intestinal transit similar to that produced by morphine regardless of the time of treatment, suggesting that metamizol did not potentiate morphine-induced constipation. These findings show a significant interaction between morphine and metamizol in chronically treated rats, suggesting that this combination could be useful for the treatment of ENTD chronic pain ENTDEND
1	ENTD Ventricular tachyarrhythmias ENTDEND  during cesarean section after ENTC ritodrine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Ventricular tachyarrhythmias ENTDEND  during cesarean section after ritodrine therapy: interaction with anesthetics.This case illustrates that patients receiving ritodrine for preterm labor may risk interactions between the residual betamimetic effects of ritodrine and the effects of anesthetics during cesarean section. Such interactions may result in serious cardiovascular complications even after cessation of an infusion of ritodrine. Preoperative assessment should focus on cardiovascular status and serum ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTD Ventricular tachyarrhythmias ENTDEND  during cesarean section after ritodrine therapy: interaction with anesthetics.This case illustrates that patients receiving ritodrine for preterm labor may risk interactions between the residual betamimetic effects of ritodrine and the effects of anesthetics during cesarean section. Such interactions may result in serious cardiovascular complications even after cessation of an infusion of ritodrine. Preoperative assessment should focus on cardiovascular status and serum potassium level. Delaying induction of anesthesia should be considered whenever possible. Careful fluid administration and cautious use of titrated doses of ephedrine are advised. After delivery of the infant, there should be no contraindication to the use of an alpha-adrenergic vasopressor such as ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Ventricular tachyarrhythmias ENTDEND  during cesarean section after ritodrine therapy: interaction with anesthetics.This case illustrates that patients receiving ritodrine for preterm labor may risk interactions between the residual betamimetic effects of ritodrine and the effects of anesthetics during cesarean section. Such interactions may result in serious cardiovascular complications even after cessation of an infusion of ritodrine. Preoperative assessment should focus on cardiovascular status and serum potassium level. Delaying induction of anesthesia should be considered whenever possible. Careful fluid administration and cautious use of titrated doses of ENTC ephedrine ENTCEND
0	ENTC ritodrine ENTCEND for ENTD preterm labor ENTDEND
0	ENTD preterm labor ENTDEND may risk interactions between the residual betamimetic effects of ritodrine and the effects of anesthetics during cesarean section. Such interactions may result in serious cardiovascular complications even after cessation of an infusion of ritodrine. Preoperative assessment should focus on cardiovascular status and serum ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTD preterm labor ENTDEND may risk interactions between the residual betamimetic effects of ritodrine and the effects of anesthetics during cesarean section. Such interactions may result in serious cardiovascular complications even after cessation of an infusion of ritodrine. Preoperative assessment should focus on cardiovascular status and serum potassium level. Delaying induction of anesthesia should be considered whenever possible. Careful fluid administration and cautious use of titrated doses of ephedrine are advised. After delivery of the infant, there should be no contraindication to the use of an alpha-adrenergic vasopressor such as ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTD preterm labor ENTDEND may risk interactions between the residual betamimetic effects of ritodrine and the effects of anesthetics during cesarean section. Such interactions may result in serious cardiovascular complications even after cessation of an infusion of ritodrine. Preoperative assessment should focus on cardiovascular status and serum potassium level. Delaying induction of anesthesia should be considered whenever possible. Careful fluid administration and cautious use of titrated doses of ENTC ephedrine ENTCEND
0	ENTC ritodrine ENTCEND  Preoperative assessment should focus on cardiovascular status and serum potassium level. Delaying induction of anesthesia should be considered whenever possible. Careful fluid administration and cautious use of titrated doses of ephedrine are advised. After delivery of the infant, there should be no contraindication to the use of an alpha-adrenergic vasopressor such as phenylephrine to treat hypotensive patients with ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND level. Delaying induction of anesthesia should be considered whenever possible. Careful fluid administration and cautious use of titrated doses of ephedrine are advised. After delivery of the infant, there should be no contraindication to the use of an alpha-adrenergic vasopressor such as phenylephrine to treat hypotensive patients with ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND to treat hypotensive patients with ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC ephedrine ENTCEND are advised. After delivery of the infant, there should be no contraindication to the use of an alpha-adrenergic vasopressor such as phenylephrine to treat hypotensive patients with ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC ritodrine ENTCEND  Preoperative assessment should focus on cardiovascular status and serum potassium level. Delaying induction of anesthesia should be considered whenever possible. Careful fluid administration and cautious use of titrated doses of ephedrine are advised. After delivery of the infant, there should be no contraindication to the use of an alpha-adrenergic vasopressor such as phenylephrine to treat ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND level. Delaying induction of anesthesia should be considered whenever possible. Careful fluid administration and cautious use of titrated doses of ephedrine are advised. After delivery of the infant, there should be no contraindication to the use of an alpha-adrenergic vasopressor such as phenylephrine to treat ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND
0	ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND to treat ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND
0	ENTC ephedrine ENTCEND are advised. After delivery of the infant, there should be no contraindication to the use of an alpha-adrenergic vasopressor such as phenylephrine to treat ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiovascular complications ENTDEND even after cessation of an infusion of ENTC ritodrine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiovascular complications ENTDEND even after cessation of an infusion of ritodrine. Preoperative assessment should focus on cardiovascular status and serum ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiovascular complications ENTDEND even after cessation of an infusion of ritodrine. Preoperative assessment should focus on cardiovascular status and serum potassium level. Delaying induction of anesthesia should be considered whenever possible. Careful fluid administration and cautious use of titrated doses of ephedrine are advised. After delivery of the infant, there should be no contraindication to the use of an alpha-adrenergic vasopressor such as ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiovascular complications ENTDEND even after cessation of an infusion of ritodrine. Preoperative assessment should focus on cardiovascular status and serum potassium level. Delaying induction of anesthesia should be considered whenever possible. Careful fluid administration and cautious use of titrated doses of ENTC ephedrine ENTCEND
0	ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND in patients who experienced ENTD urticaria ENTDEND
0	ENTC nimesulide ENTCEND and paracetamol in patients who experienced ENTD urticaria ENTDEND
0	ENTC NSAID ENTCEND -induced ENTD urticaria ENTDEND
1	ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND in patients who experienced urticaria/ ENTD angioedema ENTDEND
1	ENTD angioedema ENTDEND .Previous studies evaluated the tolerance of ENTC nimesulide ENTCEND
1	ENTC NSAID ENTCEND induced ENTD angioedema ENTDEND
0	ENTC 1-(2-methoxyphenyl)-4-[4-(2-phthalimido)butyl]piperazine ENTCEND hydrobromide and the polyamines depletor reserpine. Based on these data, it can be postulated that (+/-)-PG-9 exerted an antinociceptive effect mediated by a central potentiation of cholinergic transmission. (+/-)-PG-9 (10-40 mg kg-1 i.p.) was able to prevent ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD amnesic ENTDEND effect induced by (+/-)-PG-9 through an increase in ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTC hemicholinium-3 ENTCEND  but not by the opioid antagonist naloxone, the gamma-aminobutyric acidB antagonist 3-aminopropyl-diethoxy-methyl-phosphinic acid, the H3 agonist R-(alpha)-methylhistamine, the D2 antagonist quinpirole, the 5-hydroxytryptamine4 antagonist 2-methoxy-4-amino-5-chlorobenzoic acid 2-(diethylamino)ethyl ester hydrochloride, the 5-hydroxytryptamin1A antagonist 1-(2-methoxyphenyl)-4-[4-(2-phthalimido)butyl]piperazine hydrobromide and the polyamines depletor reserpine. Based on these data, it can be postulated that (+/-)-PG-9 exerted an antinociceptive effect mediated by a central potentiation of cholinergic transmission. (+/-)-PG-9 (10-40 mg kg-1 i.p.) was able to prevent ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC 5-hydroxytryptamin1A ENTCEND antagonist 1-(2-methoxyphenyl)-4-[4-(2-phthalimido)butyl]piperazine hydrobromide and the polyamines depletor reserpine. Based on these data, it can be postulated that (+/-)-PG-9 exerted an antinociceptive effect mediated by a central potentiation of cholinergic transmission. (+/-)-PG-9 (10-40 mg kg-1 i.p.) was able to prevent ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC naloxone ENTCEND  the gamma-aminobutyric acidB antagonist 3-aminopropyl-diethoxy-methyl-phosphinic acid, the H3 agonist R-(alpha)-methylhistamine, the D2 antagonist quinpirole, the 5-hydroxytryptamine4 antagonist 2-methoxy-4-amino-5-chlorobenzoic acid 2-(diethylamino)ethyl ester hydrochloride, the 5-hydroxytryptamin1A antagonist 1-(2-methoxyphenyl)-4-[4-(2-phthalimido)butyl]piperazine hydrobromide and the polyamines depletor reserpine. Based on these data, it can be postulated that (+/-)-PG-9 exerted an antinociceptive effect mediated by a central potentiation of cholinergic transmission. (+/-)-PG-9 (10-40 mg kg-1 i.p.) was able to prevent ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC R-(alpha)-methylhistamine ENTCEND  the D2 antagonist quinpirole, the 5-hydroxytryptamine4 antagonist 2-methoxy-4-amino-5-chlorobenzoic acid 2-(diethylamino)ethyl ester hydrochloride, the 5-hydroxytryptamin1A antagonist 1-(2-methoxyphenyl)-4-[4-(2-phthalimido)butyl]piperazine hydrobromide and the polyamines depletor reserpine. Based on these data, it can be postulated that (+/-)-PG-9 exerted an antinociceptive effect mediated by a central potentiation of cholinergic transmission. (+/-)-PG-9 (10-40 mg kg-1 i.p.) was able to prevent ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
1	ENTD amnesia ENTDEND induced by ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD amnesic ENTDEND effect induced by (+/-)- ENTC PG-9 ENTCEND
0	ENTC 2-methoxy-4-amino-5-chlorobenzoic acid 2-(diethylamino)ethyl ester ENTCEND hydrochloride, the 5-hydroxytryptamin1A antagonist 1-(2-methoxyphenyl)-4-[4-(2-phthalimido)butyl]piperazine hydrobromide and the polyamines depletor reserpine. Based on these data, it can be postulated that (+/-)-PG-9 exerted an antinociceptive effect mediated by a central potentiation of cholinergic transmission. (+/-)-PG-9 (10-40 mg kg-1 i.p.) was able to prevent ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC pirenzepine ENTCEND and dicyclomine and the acetylcholine depletor hemicholinium-3, but not by the opioid antagonist naloxone, the gamma-aminobutyric acidB antagonist 3-aminopropyl-diethoxy-methyl-phosphinic acid, the H3 agonist R-(alpha)-methylhistamine, the D2 antagonist quinpirole, the 5-hydroxytryptamine4 antagonist 2-methoxy-4-amino-5-chlorobenzoic acid 2-(diethylamino)ethyl ester hydrochloride, the 5-hydroxytryptamin1A antagonist 1-(2-methoxyphenyl)-4-[4-(2-phthalimido)butyl]piperazine hydrobromide and the polyamines depletor reserpine. Based on these data, it can be postulated that (+/-)-PG-9 exerted an antinociceptive effect mediated by a central potentiation of cholinergic transmission. (+/-)-PG-9 (10-40 mg kg-1 i.p.) was able to prevent ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC atropine ENTCEND  the M1-selective antagonists pirenzepine and dicyclomine and the acetylcholine depletor hemicholinium-3, but not by the opioid antagonist naloxone, the gamma-aminobutyric acidB antagonist 3-aminopropyl-diethoxy-methyl-phosphinic acid, the H3 agonist R-(alpha)-methylhistamine, the D2 antagonist quinpirole, the 5-hydroxytryptamine4 antagonist 2-methoxy-4-amino-5-chlorobenzoic acid 2-(diethylamino)ethyl ester hydrochloride, the 5-hydroxytryptamin1A antagonist 1-(2-methoxyphenyl)-4-[4-(2-phthalimido)butyl]piperazine hydrobromide and the polyamines depletor reserpine. Based on these data, it can be postulated that (+/-)-PG-9 exerted an antinociceptive effect mediated by a central potentiation of cholinergic transmission. (+/-)-PG-9 (10-40 mg kg-1 i.p.) was able to prevent ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC gamma-aminobutyric acidB ENTCEND antagonist 3-aminopropyl-diethoxy-methyl-phosphinic acid, the H3 agonist R-(alpha)-methylhistamine, the D2 antagonist quinpirole, the 5-hydroxytryptamine4 antagonist 2-methoxy-4-amino-5-chlorobenzoic acid 2-(diethylamino)ethyl ester hydrochloride, the 5-hydroxytryptamin1A antagonist 1-(2-methoxyphenyl)-4-[4-(2-phthalimido)butyl]piperazine hydrobromide and the polyamines depletor reserpine. Based on these data, it can be postulated that (+/-)-PG-9 exerted an antinociceptive effect mediated by a central potentiation of cholinergic transmission. (+/-)-PG-9 (10-40 mg kg-1 i.p.) was able to prevent ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC quinpirole ENTCEND  the 5-hydroxytryptamine4 antagonist 2-methoxy-4-amino-5-chlorobenzoic acid 2-(diethylamino)ethyl ester hydrochloride, the 5-hydroxytryptamin1A antagonist 1-(2-methoxyphenyl)-4-[4-(2-phthalimido)butyl]piperazine hydrobromide and the polyamines depletor reserpine. Based on these data, it can be postulated that (+/-)-PG-9 exerted an antinociceptive effect mediated by a central potentiation of cholinergic transmission. (+/-)-PG-9 (10-40 mg kg-1 i.p.) was able to prevent ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
1	ENTD amnesia ENTDEND induced by scopolamine (1 mg kg-1 i.p.) and ENTC dicyclomine ENTCEND
0	ENTC reserpine ENTCEND  Based on these data, it can be postulated that (+/-)-PG-9 exerted an antinociceptive effect mediated by a central potentiation of cholinergic transmission. (+/-)-PG-9 (10-40 mg kg-1 i.p.) was able to prevent ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC 3-aminopropyl-diethoxy-methyl-phosphinic acid ENTCEND  the H3 agonist R-(alpha)-methylhistamine, the D2 antagonist quinpirole, the 5-hydroxytryptamine4 antagonist 2-methoxy-4-amino-5-chlorobenzoic acid 2-(diethylamino)ethyl ester hydrochloride, the 5-hydroxytryptamin1A antagonist 1-(2-methoxyphenyl)-4-[4-(2-phthalimido)butyl]piperazine hydrobromide and the polyamines depletor reserpine. Based on these data, it can be postulated that (+/-)-PG-9 exerted an antinociceptive effect mediated by a central potentiation of cholinergic transmission. (+/-)-PG-9 (10-40 mg kg-1 i.p.) was able to prevent ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND  ENTC MK-801 ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND related behaviors induced by reserpine treatments. This study focuses on behavioral syndromes that may used as models for ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND like and tardive dsykinesia signs. The glutamatergic blockage produced by ENTC NMDA ENTCEND
0	ENTC Reserpine ENTCEND also produced tremor and catalepsy, which are signs suggestive of ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND  MK-801 (0.1 mg/kg), administered 30 min before the observation test, prevented the vacuous chewing movements, tongue protrusions and catalepsy induced by reserpine. However, MK-801 injection produced a significant increase of tremor in reserpine-treated mice. Reserpine (1 mg/kg), administered 90 min before the test and followed by ENTC apomophine ENTCEND
0	ENTD tardive dyskinesia ENTDEND  Reserpine also produced tremor and catalepsy, which are signs suggestive of Parkinson's disease. ENTC MK-801 ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND related behaviors induced by reserpine treatments. This study focuses on behavioral syndromes that may used as models for Parkinson's disease, or ENTD tardive dyskinesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD tardive dsykinesia ENTDEND signs. The glutamatergic blockage produced by ENTC NMDA ENTCEND
1	ENTD tardive dyskinesia ENTDEND  ENTC Reserpine ENTCEND
0	ENTD tardive dyskinesia ENTDEND  Reserpine also produced tremor and catalepsy, which are signs suggestive of Parkinson's disease. MK-801 (0.1 mg/kg), administered 30 min before the observation test, prevented the vacuous chewing movements, tongue protrusions and catalepsy induced by reserpine. However, MK-801 injection produced a significant increase of tremor in reserpine-treated mice. Reserpine (1 mg/kg), administered 90 min before the test and followed by ENTC apomophine ENTCEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND  whereas ENTC MK-801 ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND related behaviors induced by reserpine treatments. This study focuses on behavioral syndromes that may used as models for Parkinson's disease, or tardive dyskinesia, and its response after glutamatergic blockage. Reserpine (1 mg/kg), administered once every other day for 4 days, produced increases in orofacial dyskinesia, tongue protrusion and vacuous chewing in mice, which are signs indicative of tardive dyskinesia. Reserpine also produced tremor and ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC NMDA ENTCEND can restore these signs, such as vacuous chewing movements, tongue protrusions, ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
1	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND induced by ENTC reserpine ENTCEND
0	ENTC apomophine ENTCEND injection (0.1 mg/kg) 5 min before the test, did not produce oral dyskinesia in mice. On the other hand, reserpine induced increases in tremor and ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD tremor ENTDEND and catalepsy, whereas ENTC MK-801 ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND related behaviors induced by reserpine treatments. This study focuses on behavioral syndromes that may used as models for Parkinson's disease, or tardive dyskinesia, and its response after glutamatergic blockage. Reserpine (1 mg/kg), administered once every other day for 4 days, produced increases in orofacial dyskinesia, tongue protrusion and vacuous chewing in mice, which are signs indicative of tardive dyskinesia. Reserpine also produced ENTD tremor ENTDEND
0	ENTC NMDA ENTCEND can restore these signs, such as vacuous chewing movements, tongue protrusions, catalepsy and ENTD tremor ENTDEND
1	ENTD tremor ENTDEND in ENTC reserpine ENTCEND
0	ENTD tremor ENTDEND in reserpine-treated mice. Reserpine (1 mg/kg), administered 90 min before the test and followed by ENTC apomophine ENTCEND
0	ENTD oral dyskinesia ENTDEND in mice. On the other hand, reserpine induced increases in tremor and catalepsy compared to control mice. ENTC MK-801 ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND related behaviors induced by reserpine treatments. This study focuses on behavioral syndromes that may used as models for Parkinson's disease, or tardive dyskinesia, and its response after glutamatergic blockage. Reserpine (1 mg/kg), administered once every other day for 4 days, produced increases in ENTD orofacial dyskinesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC NMDA ENTCEND  receptor antagonist, were studied on dopamine-related behaviors induced by reserpine treatments. This study focuses on behavioral syndromes that may used as models for Parkinson's disease, or tardive dyskinesia, and its response after glutamatergic blockage. Reserpine (1 mg/kg), administered once every other day for 4 days, produced increases in ENTD orofacial dyskinesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD oral dyskinesia ENTDEND in mice. On the other hand, ENTC reserpine ENTCEND
0	ENTC apomophine ENTCEND injection (0.1 mg/kg) 5 min before the test, did not produce ENTD oral dyskinesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD obstructive lung disease ENTDEND after administration of cumulative doses of ENTC salbutamol ENTCEND
1	ENTD Tremor ENTDEND  side effects of ENTC salbutamol ENTCEND
0	ENTC sulfasalazine ENTCEND induced lupus, which manifested with ENTD serositis ENTDEND
1	ENTC sulfasalazine ENTCEND induced ENTD lupus ENTDEND
1	ENTC Sulfasalazine ENTCEND -induced lupus erythematosus.Pneumonitis, bilateral ENTD pleural effusions ENTDEND
1	ENTD cardiac tamponade ENTDEND  and positive autoantibodies developed in a 43-year-old man, who was receiving long-term ENTC sulfasalazine ENTCEND
0	ENTC sulfasalazine ENTCEND therapy for chronic ENTD ulcerative colitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC sulfasalazine ENTCEND to treat patients with ENTD inflammatory bowel disease ENTDEND
1	ENTC Sulfasalazine ENTCEND -induced lupus erythematosus. ENTD Pneumonitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC captopril ENTCEND ENTD overdose ENTDEND
1	ENTD overdose ENTDEND .The hemodynamic effects of captopril and other ENTC angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors ENTCEND
0	ENTC Naloxone ENTCEND  reversal of hypotension due to captopril ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND  due to ENTC captopril ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND  due to captopril overdose.The hemodynamic effects of captopril and other ENTC angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors ENTCEND
0	ENTC Naloxone ENTCEND  reversal of ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
1	ENTD hypertriglyceridaemia ENTDEND among women on ENTC tamoxifen ENTCEND
0	ENTD endometrial cancer ENTDEND  Therefore we did a trial in hysterectomised women of ENTC tamoxifen ENTCEND
0	ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND  with ENTC tamoxifen ENTCEND
1	ENTD vascular events ENTDEND and hypertriglyceridaemia among women on ENTC tamoxifen ENTCEND
0	ENTC verapamil ENTCEND  and catheter ablation in a patient with Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome and ENTD idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy ENTDEND
1	ENTD atrioventricular reentrant tachycardia ENTDEND  after ENTC verapamil ENTCEND
0	ENTC verapamil ENTCEND  and catheter ablation in a patient with ENTD Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome ENTDEND
1	ENTD pain ENTDEND  sensory loss, and paresthesia of the distal limbs. One month previously, she had taken a single high dose of ENTC disulfiram ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND  sensory loss, and paresthesia of the distal limbs. One month previously, she had taken a single high dose of disulfiram (130 tablets of ENTC ALCOHOL ENTCEND
0	ENTC disulfiram ENTCEND (130 tablets of ALCOHOL STOP TAB, Shin-Poong Pharm. Co., Ansan, Korea) in a suicide attempt. She was not an alcoholic. For the first few days after ingestion, she was in a confused state and had mild to moderate ataxia and giddiness. She noticed ENTD hoarseness ENTDEND
0	ENTC ALCOHOL ENTCEND STOP TAB, Shin-Poong Pharm. Co., Ansan, Korea) in a suicide attempt. She was not an alcoholic. For the first few days after ingestion, she was in a confused state and had mild to moderate ataxia and giddiness. She noticed ENTD hoarseness ENTDEND
0	ENTD sensory loss ENTDEND  and paresthesia of the distal limbs. One month previously, she had taken a single high dose of ENTC disulfiram ENTCEND
0	ENTD sensory loss ENTDEND  and paresthesia of the distal limbs. One month previously, she had taken a single high dose of disulfiram (130 tablets of ENTC ALCOHOL ENTCEND
1	ENTD quadriparesis ENTDEND  lancinating pain, sensory loss, and paresthesia of the distal limbs. One month previously, she had taken a single high dose of ENTC disulfiram ENTCEND
0	ENTD quadriparesis ENTDEND  lancinating pain, sensory loss, and paresthesia of the distal limbs. One month previously, she had taken a single high dose of disulfiram (130 tablets of ENTC ALCOHOL ENTCEND
1	ENTD paresthesia ENTDEND of the distal limbs. One month previously, she had taken a single high dose of ENTC disulfiram ENTCEND
0	ENTD paresthesia ENTDEND of the distal limbs. One month previously, she had taken a single high dose of disulfiram (130 tablets of ENTC ALCOHOL ENTCEND
1	ENTD vocal fold palsy ENTDEND  after acute ENTC disulfiram ENTCEND
0	ENTD vocal fold palsy ENTDEND  A 49-year-old woman was transferred to our department because of quadriparesis, lancinating pain, sensory loss, and paresthesia of the distal limbs. One month previously, she had taken a single high dose of disulfiram (130 tablets of ENTC ALCOHOL ENTCEND
0	ENTD polyneuropathy ENTDEND caused by high-dose ENTC disulfiram ENTCEND
0	ENTC ALCOHOL ENTCEND STOP TAB, Shin-Poong Pharm. Co., Ansan, Korea) in a suicide attempt. She was not an alcoholic. For the first few days after ingestion, she was in a confused state and had mild to moderate ataxia and giddiness. She noticed hoarseness and distally accentuated motor and sensory dysfunction after she had recovered from this state. A nerve conduction study was consistent with severe sensorimotor axonal ENTD polyneuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC disulfiram ENTCEND (130 tablets of ALCOHOL STOP TAB, Shin-Poong Pharm. Co., Ansan, Korea) in a suicide attempt. She was not an alcoholic. For the first few days after ingestion, she was in a confused state and had mild to moderate ataxia and ENTD giddiness ENTDEND
0	ENTC ALCOHOL ENTCEND STOP TAB, Shin-Poong Pharm. Co., Ansan, Korea) in a suicide attempt. She was not an alcoholic. For the first few days after ingestion, she was in a confused state and had mild to moderate ataxia and ENTD giddiness ENTDEND
1	ENTC disulfiram ENTCEND (130 tablets of ALCOHOL STOP TAB, Shin-Poong Pharm. Co., Ansan, Korea) in a suicide attempt. She was not an alcoholic. For the first few days after ingestion, she was in a confused state and had mild to moderate ENTD ataxia ENTDEND
0	ENTC ALCOHOL ENTCEND STOP TAB, Shin-Poong Pharm. Co., Ansan, Korea) in a suicide attempt. She was not an alcoholic. For the first few days after ingestion, she was in a confused state and had mild to moderate ENTD ataxia ENTDEND
0	ENTC disulfiram ENTCEND ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTD overdose ENTDEND is very rare and there is no report of it leading to vocal fold palsy. A 49-year-old woman was transferred to our department because of quadriparesis, lancinating pain, sensory loss, and paresthesia of the distal limbs. One month previously, she had taken a single high dose of disulfiram (130 tablets of ENTC ALCOHOL ENTCEND
1	ENTD peripheral neuropathy ENTDEND caused by a ENTC disulfiram ENTCEND
0	ENTD peripheral neuropathy ENTDEND caused by a disulfiram overdose is very rare and there is no report of it leading to vocal fold palsy. A 49-year-old woman was transferred to our department because of quadriparesis, lancinating pain, sensory loss, and paresthesia of the distal limbs. One month previously, she had taken a single high dose of disulfiram (130 tablets of ENTC ALCOHOL ENTCEND
0	ENTD palsy ENTDEND of the recurrent laryngeal nerve and superimposed severe acute sensorimotor axonal polyneuropathy caused by high-dose ENTC disulfiram ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac dysrhythmias ENTDEND  hypertension, hallucinations, and violent behavior. Dental patients abusing ENTC methamphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC methamphetamine ENTCEND can be challenging. CASE DESCRIPTION: A 30-year-old Caucasian woman presented with dental ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  hallucinations, and violent behavior. Dental patients abusing ENTC methamphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD tooth wear ENTDEND  Oral rehabilitation of patients using ENTC methamphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD violent behavior ENTDEND  Dental patients abusing ENTC methamphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC methamphetamine ENTCEND can present with poor oral hygiene, ENTD xerostomia ENTDEND
1	ENTC methamphetamine ENTCEND for five years and had not experienced any major ENTD carious episodes ENTDEND
0	ENTC methamphetamine ENTCEND can be challenging. CASE DESCRIPTION: A 30-year-old Caucasian woman presented with dental pain, ENTD bad breath ENTDEND
0	ENTD hallucinations ENTDEND  and violent behavior. Dental patients abusing ENTC methamphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND evokes ACTH secretion which is primarily mediated by enhanced secretion of immunoreactive corticotropin-releasing factor (irCRF) into the hypophysial-portal circulation. Portal plasma concentrations of neither ENTC arginine vasopressin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND is observed and occurs at a plasma ENTC corticosterone ENTCEND
1	ENTC Nitroprusside ENTCEND induced ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND evokes ACTH secretion which is primarily mediated by enhanced secretion of immunoreactive corticotropin-releasing factor (irCRF) into the hypophysial-portal circulation. Portal plasma concentrations of neither arginine vasopressin nor ENTC oxytocin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND evokes ACTH secretion which is primarily mediated by enhanced secretion of immunoreactive corticotropin-releasing factor (irCRF) into the hypophysial-portal circulation. Portal plasma concentrations of neither arginine vasopressin nor oxytocin are significantly altered in this paradigm. Application of a delayed feedback signal, in the form of a 2-h systemic corticosterone infusion in ENTC urethane ENTCEND
1	ENTC PAN ENTCEND ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND .Reactive ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
0	ENTC thiobarbituric acid ENTCEND reactive substances. Proteinuria was evident at day 5, peaked at day 7 and persisted to day 27. Lipid peroxidation in homogenates was maximal at day 3 and declined rapidly to control levels by day 17. This study supports the role of lipid peroxidation in mediating the proteinuric injury in PAN ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND
1	ENTD proteinuric injury ENTDEND in ENTC PAN ENTCEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND species have been implicated in the pathogenesis of acute puromycin aminonucleoside (PAN)-induced nephropathy, with antioxidants significantly reducing the ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC thiobarbituric acid ENTCEND reactive substances. ENTD Proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC alpha-benzene hexachloride ENTCEND were examined histochemically and electron microscopically. Although most of the hepatomas were well-differentiated ENTD tumors ENTDEND
0	ENTD tumor ENTDEND cells did not respond to ENTC ethyl-alpha-p-chlorophenoxyisobutyrate ENTCEND
1	ENTC alpha-benzene hexachloride ENTCEND .Peroxisomes in ENTD hepatomas ENTDEND
0	ENTD hepatomas ENTDEND were well-differentiated tumors and contained a considerable number of peroxisomes, the tumor cells did not respond to ENTC ethyl-alpha-p-chlorophenoxyisobutyrate ENTCEND
0	ENTD liver lesions ENTDEND induced in mice by 500 ppm ENTC alpha-benzene hexachloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD liver lesions ENTDEND induced in mice by 500 ppm alpha-benzene hexachloride were examined histochemically and electron microscopically. Although most of the hepatomas were well-differentiated tumors and contained a considerable number of peroxisomes, the tumor cells did not respond to ENTC ethyl-alpha-p-chlorophenoxyisobutyrate ENTCEND
1	ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND  2 per cent through a grommet, for five weekly courses. Fifty-two patients suffering from intractable tinnitus entered this therapeutic trial, but only nine finished all five courses. In one patient, the tinnitus was almost completely abolished, but in all the nine patients the decompensated tinnitus changed to a compensated one. We suggest this mode of treatment for patients that were previously treated by drugs, acupuncture and biofeedback, with disappointing results. Patients should be warned about the side effects of ENTD vertigo ENTDEND
0	ENTD IST ENTDEND by intratympanic instillation of ENTC lignocaine ENTCEND
1	ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND  2 per cent through a grommet, for five weekly courses. Fifty-two patients suffering from intractable tinnitus entered this therapeutic trial, but only nine finished all five courses. In one patient, the tinnitus was almost completely abolished, but in all the nine patients the decompensated tinnitus changed to a compensated one. We suggest this mode of treatment for patients that were previously treated by drugs, acupuncture and biofeedback, with disappointing results. Patients should be warned about the side effects of vertigo and ENTD vomiting ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND  Fenoldopam is a selective ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
1	ENTC nitroprusside ENTCEND induced ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
1	ENTC halothane ENTCEND general anaesthesia. Mean arterial pressure was decreased 30 +/- 8 per cent from control with infusion of fenoldopam (3.4 +/- 2.0 micrograms.kg-1.min-1) and 34 +/- 4 per cent with infusion of sodium nitroprusside (5.9 micrograms.kg-1.min-1) (NS). Renal blood flow (RBF) increased during fenoldopam-induced ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
1	ENTC fenoldopam ENTCEND induced ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC sodium ENTCEND nitroprusside-induced ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC veratridine ENTCEND (100 microM). Moreover, it transiently diminished the methamphetamine (10 mg/kg sc)-induced ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND  outflow and inhibition of ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND and reduced basal body temperature. ENTC MPEP ENTCEND
1	ENTC methamphetamine ENTCEND (10 mg/kg sc)-induced ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND  in rats.The aim of this study was to examine the role of metabotropic ENTC glutamate ENTCEND
0	ENTC veratridine ENTCEND (100 microM). Moreover, it transiently diminished the methamphetamine (10 mg/kg sc)-induced hyperthermia and reduced basal body temperature. MPEP administered into the striatum at high concentrations (500 microM) increased extracellular dopamine levels, while lower concentrations (50-100 microM) were devoid of any effect. The results of this study suggest that the blockade of mGluR5 by MPEP may protect dopaminergic neurones against methamphetamine-induced ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  Neuroprotection rendered by MPEP may be associated with the reduction of the methamphetamine-induced ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  Neuroprotection rendered by ENTC MPEP ENTCEND
0	ENTC methamphetamine ENTCEND induced ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND  is associated with a decrease in dopamine outflow and inhibition of hyperthermia in rats.The aim of this study was to examine the role of metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 (mGluR5) in the toxic action of methamphetamine on dopaminergic neurones in rats. Methamphetamine (10 mg/kg sc), administered five times, reduced the levels of dopamine and its metabolites in striatal tissue when measured 72 h after the last injection. A selective antagonist of mGluR5, 2-methyl-6-(phenylethynyl)pyridine (MPEP; 5 mg/kg ip), when administered five times immediately before each methamphetamine injection reversed the above-mentioned methamphetamine effects. A single MPEP (5 mg/kg ip) injection reduced the basal extracellular dopamine level in the striatum, as well as dopamine release stimulated either by methamphetamine (10 mg/kg sc) or by intrastriatally administered ENTC veratridine ENTCEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND  is associated with a decrease in ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC MPEP ENTCEND , a selective mGluR5 antagonist, in methamphetamine-induced dopaminergic ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC methamphetamine ENTCEND -induced dopaminergic ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND  is associated with a decrease in dopamine outflow and inhibition of hyperthermia in rats.The aim of this study was to examine the role of metabotropic ENTC glutamate ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND D2 and serotonin 5-HT2 receptors. Previous clinical studies have proposed that risperidone's pharmacologic profile may produce improved efficacy for negative ENTD psychotic symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTC serotonin 5-HT2 ENTCEND receptors. Previous clinical studies have proposed that risperidone's pharmacologic profile may produce improved efficacy for negative ENTD psychotic symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND  at comparable D2 receptor occupancy levels.Risperidone is an antipsychotic drug with high affinity at dopamine D2 and serotonin 5-HT2 receptors. Previous clinical studies have proposed that risperidone's pharmacologic profile may produce improved efficacy for negative ENTD psychotic symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTC risperidone ENTCEND s pharmacologic profile may produce improved efficacy for negative ENTD psychotic symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND D2 and serotonin 5-HT2 receptors. Previous clinical studies have proposed that risperidone's pharmacologic profile may produce improved efficacy for negative psychotic symptoms and decreased propensity for extrapyramidal side effects; features shared by so-called 'atypical' neuroleptics. To determine if routine risperidone treatment is associated with a unique degree of D2 receptor occupancy and pattern of clinical effects, we used [123I]IBZM SPECT to determine D2 occupancy in subjects treated with routine clinical doses of risperidone (n = 12) or haloperidol (n = 7). Both risperidone and haloperidol produced D2 occupancy levels between approximately 60 and 90% at standard clinical doses. There was no significant difference between occupancy levels obtained with haloperidol or risperidone. ENTD Drug-induced parkinsonism ENTDEND
0	ENTC serotonin 5-HT2 ENTCEND receptors. Previous clinical studies have proposed that risperidone's pharmacologic profile may produce improved efficacy for negative psychotic symptoms and decreased propensity for extrapyramidal side effects; features shared by so-called 'atypical' neuroleptics. To determine if routine risperidone treatment is associated with a unique degree of D2 receptor occupancy and pattern of clinical effects, we used [123I]IBZM SPECT to determine D2 occupancy in subjects treated with routine clinical doses of risperidone (n = 12) or haloperidol (n = 7). Both risperidone and haloperidol produced D2 occupancy levels between approximately 60 and 90% at standard clinical doses. There was no significant difference between occupancy levels obtained with haloperidol or risperidone. ENTD Drug-induced parkinsonism ENTDEND
1	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND or risperidone. ENTD Drug-induced parkinsonism ENTDEND
1	ENTC risperidone ENTCEND  ENTD Drug-induced parkinsonism ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND and are more likely to have ENTD hepatorenal syndrome ENTDEND
1	ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND and tacrolimus are both known to be ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND
1	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND are both known to be ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal dysfunction ENTDEND was 18.1% (CRF 8.6% and ESRD 9.5%). Compared with control patients, CRF and ESRD patients had higher preoperative serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD ESRD ENTDEND ) after orthotopic liver transplantation (OLTX) using calcineurin-based immunotherapy: risk of development and treatment.BACKGROUND: The calcineurin inhibitors ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND
0	ENTD ESRD ENTDEND ) after orthotopic liver transplantation (OLTX) using calcineurin-based immunotherapy: risk of development and treatment.BACKGROUND: The calcineurin inhibitors cyclosporine and ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD CRF ENTDEND  sustained serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperlocomotion ENTDEND in rats. Carteolol did not antagonize the inhibitory effects of haloperidol on apomorphine-induced stereotypy and locomotor activity in rats. In addition, carteolol did not evoke 5-HT1A receptor-stimulating behavioral signs such as flat body posture and forepaw treading and did not inhibit 5-hydroxytryptophan-induced head twitch in rats. Finally, carteolol did not inhibit ENTC physostigmine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperlocomotion ENTDEND in rats. Carteolol did not antagonize the inhibitory effects of ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND
0	ENTC biperiden ENTCEND  Carteolol did not evoke postsynaptic dopamine receptor-stimulating behavioral signs such as stereotypy and ENTD hyperlocomotion ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperlocomotion ENTDEND in rats. Carteolol did not antagonize the inhibitory effects of haloperidol on apomorphine-induced stereotypy and locomotor activity in rats. In addition, carteolol did not evoke 5-HT1A receptor-stimulating behavioral signs such as flat body posture and forepaw treading and did not inhibit ENTC 5-hydroxytryptophan ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperlocomotion ENTDEND in rats. ENTC Carteolol ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND receptor-stimulating behavioral signs such as stereotypy and ENTD hyperlocomotion ENTDEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND  but was weaker than that of biperiden. Carteolol did not evoke postsynaptic dopamine receptor-stimulating behavioral signs such as stereotypy and ENTD hyperlocomotion ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperlocomotion ENTDEND in rats. Carteolol did not antagonize the inhibitory effects of haloperidol on ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND
0	ENTC physostigmine ENTCEND induced lethality in rats. These results strongly suggest that carteolol improves haloperidol-induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
1	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC biperiden ENTCEND  inhibited the haloperidol-induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC 5-hydroxytryptophan ENTCEND induced head twitch in rats. Finally, carteolol did not inhibit physostigmine-induced lethality in rats. These results strongly suggest that carteolol improves haloperidol-induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND  The inhibitory effect of ENTC carteolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND  The inhibitory effect of carteolol was almost comparable to that of propranolol, but was weaker than that of biperiden. Carteolol did not evoke postsynaptic ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND and biperiden, inhibited the haloperidol-induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND  The inhibitory effect of carteolol was almost comparable to that of propranolol, but was weaker than that of biperiden. Carteolol did not evoke postsynaptic dopamine receptor-stimulating behavioral signs such as stereotypy and hyperlocomotion in rats. Carteolol did not antagonize the inhibitory effects of haloperidol on ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND
0	ENTC physostigmine ENTCEND induced lethality in rats. These results strongly suggest that carteolol improves haloperidol-induced catalepsy via its beta-adrenoceptor antagonistic activity and is expected to be effective in the treatment of ENTD akathisia ENTDEND
0	ENTD akathisia ENTDEND  Therefore, the effects of carteolol, a beta-adrenoceptor antagonist, on ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND
0	ENTD akathisia ENTDEND  Therefore, the effects of carteolol, a beta-adrenoceptor antagonist, on haloperidol-induced catalepsy in rats were behaviorally studied and compared with those of propranolol and ENTC biperiden ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-hydroxytryptophan ENTCEND induced head twitch in rats. Finally, carteolol did not inhibit physostigmine-induced lethality in rats. These results strongly suggest that carteolol improves haloperidol-induced catalepsy via its beta-adrenoceptor antagonistic activity and is expected to be effective in the treatment of ENTD akathisia ENTDEND
0	ENTD akathisia ENTDEND  Therefore, the effects of ENTC carteolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD akathisia ENTDEND without attenuating neuroleptic-induced antipsychotic effects due to its postsynaptic ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD akathisia ENTDEND  Therefore, the effects of carteolol, a beta-adrenoceptor antagonist, on haloperidol-induced catalepsy in rats were behaviorally studied and compared with those of ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
0	ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND induced stereotypy and locomotor activity in rats. In addition, carteolol did not evoke 5-HT1A receptor-stimulating behavioral signs such as flat body posture and forepaw treading and did not inhibit 5-hydroxytryptophan-induced head twitch in rats. Finally, carteolol did not inhibit physostigmine-induced lethality in rats. These results strongly suggest that carteolol improves haloperidol-induced catalepsy via its beta-adrenoceptor antagonistic activity and is expected to be effective in the treatment of ENTD akathisia ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND potential of the drugs themselves. A lower relative risk would be expected for ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND
0	ENTC phenacetin ENTCEND and acetaminophen may contribute to the burden of ESRD, with the risk of the latter being somewhat less than that of the former. This apparent difference in risk may not be due to differences in ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND alone increases the risk of ENTD ESRD ENTDEND
1	ENTD chronic renal failure ENTDEND : a comparison with ENTC phenacetin ENTCEND
0	ENTC mitomycin C ENTCEND and died in ENTD pulmonary edema ENTDEND
0	ENTD ischemic ENTDEND wrinkling of glomerular basement membranes and mesangiolysis. The mechanism of action is postulated as ENTC mitomycin C ENTCEND
0	ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND  thrombocytopenia and progressive renal failure associated with ENTC mitomycin C ENTCEND
0	ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND while on treatment with ENTC mitomycin C ENTCEND
0	ENTD thrombi ENTDEND  expanded subendothelial zones in glomerular capillary walls, ischemic wrinkling of glomerular basement membranes and mesangiolysis. The mechanism of action is postulated as ENTC mitomycin C ENTCEND
1	ENTD renal failure ENTDEND associated with ENTC mitomycin C ENTCEND
1	ENTD hemolytic uremic syndrome ENTDEND . ENTC Mitomycin C ENTCEND
0	ENTD gastric adenocarcinoma ENTDEND who developed renal failure and thrombocytopenia while on treatment with ENTC mitomycin C ENTCEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND  have limited its use as a treatment for breast carcinoma. ENTC WR-2721 ENTCEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND (e.g., nephrotoxicity, ototoxicity, and ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND  have limited its use as a treatment for breast carcinoma. WR-2721 or amifostine initially was developed to protect military personnel in the event of nuclear war. Amifostine subsequently was shown to protect normal tissues from the toxic effects of ENTC alkylating agents ENTCEND
0	ENTC amifostine ENTCEND in this study resulted in an overall response rate of 16%. Neither a ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND and amifostine in this study resulted in an overall response rate of 16%. Neither a ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND to normal tissues was observed with the addition of ENTC amifostine ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicities ENTDEND associated with ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicities ENTDEND associated with cisplatin (e.g., nephrotoxicity, ototoxicity, and neurotoxicity) have limited its use as a treatment for breast carcinoma. WR-2721 or amifostine initially was developed to protect military personnel in the event of nuclear war. Amifostine subsequently was shown to protect normal tissues from the toxic effects of ENTC alkylating agents ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND were reduced. METHODS: A Phase II study of the combination of cisplatin plus ENTC amifostine ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND were reduced. METHODS: A Phase II study of the combination of cisplatin plus amifostine was conducted in patients with progressive metastatic breast carcinoma who had received one, but not more than one, chemotherapy regimen for metastatic disease. Patients received amifostine, 910 mg/m2 intravenously over 15 minutes. After completion of the amifostine infusion, cisplatin 120 mg/m2 was administered over 30 minutes. Intravenous hydration and ENTC mannitol ENTCEND
1	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND induced nephrotoxicity, ototoxicity, and ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC alkylating agents ENTCEND and cisplatin without decreasing the antitumor effect of the chemotherapy. Early trials of cisplatin and amifostine also suggested that the incidence and severity of cisplatin-induced nephrotoxicity, ototoxicity, and ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD breast carcinoma ENTDEND  ENTC WR-2721 ENTCEND
0	ENTD breast carcinoma ENTDEND who had received one, but not more than one, chemotherapy regimen for metastatic disease. Patients received amifostine, 910 mg/m2 intravenously over 15 minutes. After completion of the amifostine infusion, cisplatin 120 mg/m2 was administered over 30 minutes. Intravenous hydration and ENTC mannitol ENTCEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND  plus WR-2721 (amifostine) for metastatic ENTD breast carcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD breast carcinoma ENTDEND  WR-2721 or amifostine initially was developed to protect military personnel in the event of nuclear war. Amifostine subsequently was shown to protect normal tissues from the toxic effects of ENTC alkylating agents ENTCEND
0	ENTC amifostine ENTCEND also suggested that the incidence and severity of cisplatin-induced ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND  ototoxicity, and neuropathy were reduced. METHODS: A Phase II study of the combination of cisplatin plus amifostine was conducted in patients with progressive metastatic breast carcinoma who had received one, but not more than one, chemotherapy regimen for metastatic disease. Patients received amifostine, 910 mg/m2 intravenously over 15 minutes. After completion of the amifostine infusion, cisplatin 120 mg/m2 was administered over 30 minutes. Intravenous hydration and ENTC mannitol ENTCEND
1	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND (e.g., ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC alkylating agents ENTCEND and cisplatin without decreasing the antitumor effect of the chemotherapy. Early trials of cisplatin and amifostine also suggested that the incidence and severity of cisplatin-induced ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD ototoxicity ENTDEND  and neurotoxicity) have limited its use as a treatment for breast carcinoma. ENTC WR-2721 ENTCEND
0	ENTD ototoxicity ENTDEND  and neuropathy were reduced. METHODS: A Phase II study of the combination of cisplatin plus amifostine was conducted in patients with progressive metastatic breast carcinoma who had received one, but not more than one, chemotherapy regimen for metastatic disease. Patients received amifostine, 910 mg/m2 intravenously over 15 minutes. After completion of the amifostine infusion, cisplatin 120 mg/m2 was administered over 30 minutes. Intravenous hydration and ENTC mannitol ENTCEND
1	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND (e.g., nephrotoxicity, ENTD ototoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC alkylating agents ENTCEND and cisplatin without decreasing the antitumor effect of the chemotherapy. Early trials of cisplatin and amifostine also suggested that the incidence and severity of cisplatin-induced nephrotoxicity, ENTD ototoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND , have been the mainstay of treatment for several solid tumors, including ENTD colorectal, breast and head and neck cancers ENTDEND
0	ENTD colorectal, breast, pancreaticobiliary, gastric, renal cell and head and neck cancers ENTDEND  The most commonly reported toxic effects of ENTC capecitabine ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND and was developed to fulfill the need for a more convenient therapy and provide an improved safety/efficacy profile. It has shown promising results alone or in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents in ENTD colorectal, breast, pancreaticobiliary, gastric, renal cell and head and neck cancers ENTDEND
0	ENTD colorectal, breast, pancreaticobiliary, gastric, renal cell and head and neck cancers ENTDEND  The most commonly reported toxic effects of ENTC capecitabine ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND and was developed to fulfill the need for a more convenient therapy and provide an improved safety/efficacy profile. It has shown promising results alone or in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents in colorectal, breast, pancreaticobiliary, gastric, renal cell and head and neck cancers. The most commonly reported toxic effects of capecitabine are diarrhea, nausea, ENTD vomiting ENTDEND
1	ENTC capecitabine ENTCEND are diarrhea, nausea, ENTD vomiting ENTDEND
0	ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND and was developed to fulfill the need for a more convenient therapy and provide an improved safety/efficacy profile. It has shown promising results alone or in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents in colorectal, breast, pancreaticobiliary, gastric, renal cell and head and neck cancers. The most commonly reported toxic effects of capecitabine are diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, stomatitis and ENTD hand-foot syndrome ENTDEND
1	ENTD hand-foot syndrome ENTDEND  ENTC Capecitabine ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND , have been the mainstay of treatment for several solid ENTD tumors ENTDEND
0	ENTC capecitabine ENTCEND : a review.IMPORTANCE OF THE FIELD: Fluoropyrimidines, in particular 5-fluorouracil (5-FU), have been the mainstay of treatment for several solid ENTD tumors ENTDEND
0	ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND and was developed to fulfill the need for a more convenient therapy and provide an improved safety/efficacy profile. It has shown promising results alone or in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents in ENTD colorectal, breast, pancreaticobiliary, gastric, renal cell and head and neck cancers ENTDEND
0	ENTD colorectal, breast, pancreaticobiliary, gastric, renal cell and head and neck cancers ENTDEND  The most commonly reported toxic effects of ENTC capecitabine ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND , have been the mainstay of treatment for several solid tumors, including ENTD colorectal, breast and head and neck cancers ENTDEND
0	ENTD colorectal, breast, pancreaticobiliary, gastric, renal cell and head and neck cancers ENTDEND  The most commonly reported toxic effects of ENTC capecitabine ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND and was developed to fulfill the need for a more convenient therapy and provide an improved safety/efficacy profile. It has shown promising results alone or in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents in colorectal, breast, pancreaticobiliary, gastric, renal cell and head and neck cancers. The most commonly reported toxic effects of capecitabine are diarrhea, ENTD nausea ENTDEND
1	ENTC capecitabine ENTCEND are diarrhea, ENTD nausea ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal and kidney disease ENTDEND  We also explore different dosing and schedules of capecitabine administration. TAKE HOME MESSAGE: Capecitabine is an oral prodrug of ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal and kidney disease ENTDEND  We also explore different dosing and schedules of ENTC capecitabine ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND and was developed to fulfill the need for a more convenient therapy and provide an improved safety/efficacy profile. It has shown promising results alone or in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents in ENTD colorectal, breast, pancreaticobiliary, gastric, renal cell and head and neck cancers ENTDEND
0	ENTD colorectal, breast, pancreaticobiliary, gastric, renal cell and head and neck cancers ENTDEND  The most commonly reported toxic effects of ENTC capecitabine ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND and was developed to fulfill the need for a more convenient therapy and provide an improved safety/efficacy profile. It has shown promising results alone or in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents in colorectal, breast, pancreaticobiliary, gastric, renal cell and head and neck cancers. The most commonly reported toxic effects of capecitabine are diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, ENTD stomatitis ENTDEND
1	ENTD stomatitis ENTDEND and hand-foot syndrome. ENTC Capecitabine ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND , have been the mainstay of treatment for several solid tumors, including ENTD colorectal, breast and head and neck cancers ENTDEND
0	ENTD colorectal, breast, pancreaticobiliary, gastric, renal cell and head and neck cancers ENTDEND  The most commonly reported toxic effects of ENTC capecitabine ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND and was developed to fulfill the need for a more convenient therapy and provide an improved safety/efficacy profile. It has shown promising results alone or in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents in colorectal, breast, pancreaticobiliary, gastric, renal cell and head and neck cancers. The most commonly reported toxic effects of capecitabine are ENTD diarrhea ENTDEND
1	ENTC capecitabine ENTCEND are ENTD diarrhea ENTDEND
0	ENTC 5-FU ENTCEND and was developed to fulfill the need for a more convenient therapy and provide an improved safety/efficacy profile. It has shown promising results alone or in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents in colorectal, breast, pancreaticobiliary, gastric, renal cell and head and neck cancers. The most commonly reported toxic effects of capecitabine are diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, stomatitis and hand-foot syndrome. Capecitabine has a well-established safety profile and can be given safely to patients with advanced age, ENTD hepatic and renal dysfunctions ENTDEND
0	ENTC Capecitabine ENTCEND has a well-established safety profile and can be given safely to patients with advanced age, ENTD hepatic and renal dysfunctions ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND  whereas the D1 agonist ENTC SKF 38393 ENTCEND
0	ENTC fluphenazine ENTCEND  Pretreatment with the D2 agonist PHNO enhanced nicotine-induced ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC hexamethonium ENTCEND  indicating that the response is probably mediated by central nicotinic receptors. Nicotine-induced ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND was blocked by the selective D1 antagonist ENTC SCH 23390 ENTCEND
1	ENTC nicotine ENTCEND -induced ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC mecamylamine ENTCEND but not by the peripheral nicotinic blocker hexamethonium, indicating that the response is probably mediated by central nicotinic receptors. Nicotine-induced ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND  receptors in mediating nicotine-induced ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND was blocked by the selective D1 antagonist SCH 23390, the selective D2 antagonist ENTC raclopride ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND effects of an iso-osmolar, dimeric, nonionic contrast medium, iodixanol, with those of a low-osmolar, nonionic, monomeric contrast medium, iohexol. The study involved 129 patients with diabetes with serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND effects of an iso-osmolar, dimeric, nonionic contrast medium, ENTC iodixanol ENTCEND
1	ENTC iohexol ENTCEND group, -0.17 mg per deciliter [95 percent confidence interval, -0.34 to -0.07]). CONCLUSIONS: ENTD Nephropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD diabetes ENTDEND with serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTC iodixanol ENTCEND  with those of a low-osmolar, nonionic, monomeric contrast medium, iohexol. The study involved 129 patients with ENTD diabetes ENTDEND
0	ENTC iohexol ENTCEND  The study involved 129 patients with ENTD diabetes ENTDEND
0	ENTD thromboembolism ENTDEND was 0.9% for all the studies and 0.5, 0, 20, and 0% in groups a, b, c, and d, respectively; for hemorrhage, the overall rate was 3.4% (3.8, 2.6, 10, and 0% for the respective groups). CONCLUSIONS: In patients with mechanical heart valves, short-term LMWH therapy compares favorably with ENTC UH ENTCEND
1	ENTC LMWH ENTCEND in patients with mechanical heart valves was extensively reviewed. RESULTS: There were eight series and six case reports. None of the studies was randomized, and only one was prospective. Data to establish the ENTD thromboembolic ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemorrhage ENTDEND  the overall rate was 3.4% (3.8, 2.6, 10, and 0% for the respective groups). CONCLUSIONS: In patients with mechanical heart valves, short-term LMWH therapy compares favorably with ENTC UH ENTCEND
1	ENTD hemorrhage ENTDEND  the overall rate was 3.4% (3.8, 2.6, 10, and 0% for the respective groups). CONCLUSIONS: In patients with mechanical heart valves, short-term ENTC LMWH ENTCEND
0	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
1	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND induced seizures, a model of ENTD temporal lobe epilepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD parkinsonism ENTDEND developed. Akathisia was controlled by the benzodiazepine ENTC lorazepam ENTCEND
1	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND  The incidence of ENTD parkinsonism ENTDEND
0	ENTD parkinsonism ENTDEND developed. Akathisia was controlled by the ENTC benzodiazepine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Akathisia ENTDEND was controlled by the benzodiazepine ENTC lorazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND and in younger patients. Prophylactic antiparkinsonian medication was effective in younger but not in older patients. However, these medications were more effective in both young and old patients when given after parkinsonism developed. ENTD Akathisia ENTDEND
0	ENTD Akathisia ENTDEND was controlled by the ENTC benzodiazepine ENTCEND
1	ENTC pergolide ENTCEND withdrawal (n=10 patients). Controls were age- and sex-matched non-PD patients referred to the cardiology department. RESULTS: Compared to controls, ENTD aortic regurgitation ENTDEND
0	ENTD aortic regurgitation ENTDEND (OR: 3.1; 95% IC: 1.1-8.8) and mitral regurgitation (OR: 10.7; 95% IC: 2.1-53) were more frequent in PD patients (tricuspid: NS). The number of affected valves (n=2.4+/-0.7) and the sum of regurgitation grades (n=2.8+/-1.09) were higher (p=0.008 and p=0.006, respectively) in the pergolide group. Severity of regurgitation was not correlated with pergolide cumulative dose. A restrictive pattern of valvular regurgitation, suggestive of the role of pergolide, was observed in 12/30 (40%) patients including two with heart failure. Pergolide was discontinued in 10 patients with valvular heart disease, resulting in a lower regurgitation grade (p=0.01) at the second transthoracic echocardiography and the two patients with heart failure returned to nearly normal clinical examination. This study supports the high frequency of restrictive valve regurgitation in PD patients treated with pergolide and reveals that a significant improvement is usual when the treatment is converted to non-ergot ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD PD ENTDEND  treated with ENTC pergolide ENTCEND
0	ENTD PD ENTDEND patients treated with pergolide and reveals that a significant improvement is usual when the treatment is converted to non-ergot ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
1	ENTC pergolide ENTCEND withdrawal (n=10 patients). Controls were age- and sex-matched non-PD patients referred to the cardiology department. RESULTS: Compared to controls, aortic regurgitation (OR: 3.1; 95% IC: 1.1-8.8) and ENTD mitral regurgitation ENTDEND
0	ENTD mitral regurgitation ENTDEND (OR: 10.7; 95% IC: 2.1-53) were more frequent in PD patients (tricuspid: NS). The number of affected valves (n=2.4+/-0.7) and the sum of regurgitation grades (n=2.8+/-1.09) were higher (p=0.008 and p=0.006, respectively) in the pergolide group. Severity of regurgitation was not correlated with pergolide cumulative dose. A restrictive pattern of valvular regurgitation, suggestive of the role of pergolide, was observed in 12/30 (40%) patients including two with heart failure. Pergolide was discontinued in 10 patients with valvular heart disease, resulting in a lower regurgitation grade (p=0.01) at the second transthoracic echocardiography and the two patients with heart failure returned to nearly normal clinical examination. This study supports the high frequency of restrictive valve regurgitation in PD patients treated with pergolide and reveals that a significant improvement is usual when the treatment is converted to non-ergot ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND  ENTC Pergolide ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND returned to nearly normal clinical examination. This study supports the high frequency of restrictive valve regurgitation in PD patients treated with pergolide and reveals that a significant improvement is usual when the treatment is converted to non-ergot ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD valvular regurgitation ENTDEND  suggestive of the role of ENTC pergolide ENTCEND
0	ENTD valve regurgitation ENTDEND in PD patients treated with pergolide and reveals that a significant improvement is usual when the treatment is converted to non-ergot ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
1	ENTC Ticlopidine ENTCEND -induced ENTD cholestatic hepatitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD Cholestatic hepatitis ENTDEND is a rare adverse effect of ticlopidine that may be immune mediated. Patients receiving the drug should be monitored with liver function tests along with complete blood cell counts. This complication will be observed even less often in the future as ticlopidine is being replaced by the newer antiplatelet agent ENTC clopidogrel ENTCEND
1	ENTD jaundice ENTDEND following treatment with ENTC ticlopidine ENTCEND
1	ENTC ticlopidine ENTCEND induced ENTD cholestasis ENTDEND
0	ENTD Cholestatic hepatitis ENTDEND is a rare adverse effect of ticlopidine that may be immune mediated. Patients receiving the drug should be monitored with liver function tests along with complete blood cell counts. This complication will be observed even less often in the future as ticlopidine is being replaced by the newer antiplatelet agent ENTC clopidogrel ENTCEND
0	ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND in a 67-year-old man resulted in profound ENTD depression ENTDEND
1	ENTC Lidocaine ENTCEND -induced ENTD cardiac asystole ENTDEND
0	ENTD bradyarrhythmias ENTDEND  and, thus, this probably represented a true idiosyncrasy to ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Glyceryl trinitrate ENTCEND  induces attacks of migraine without aura in sufferers of migraine with aura.Migraine with aura and migraine without aura have the same ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC NO ENTCEND  is involved in ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD migraineurs ENTDEND than in the controls during and immediately after ENTC GTN ENTCEND
0	ENTD migraineurs ENTDEND fulfilled the diagnostic criteria for migraine without aura of the International Headache Society. The results therefore suggest that ENTC NO ENTCEND
0	ENTC GTN ENTCEND induced ENTD headache ENTDEND
0	ENTD Headache ENTDEND Society. The results therefore suggest that ENTC NO ENTCEND
0	ENTC GTN ENTCEND  (0.5 microg/kg/min for 20 min) in 12 sufferers of ENTD migraine with aura ENTDEND
0	ENTC NO ENTCEND is involved in the pain mechanisms of ENTD migraine with aura ENTDEND
1	ENTC Glyceryl trinitrate ENTCEND  induces attacks of ENTD migraine without aura ENTDEND
1	ENTC NO ENTCEND  is involved in pain mechanisms of ENTD migraine without aura ENTDEND
0	ENTC GTN ENTCEND induced headache gradually disappeared, whereas in migraineurs peak headache intensity occurred at a mean time of 240 min post-infusion. At this time the induced headache in 6 of 12 migraineurs fulfilled the diagnostic criteria for migraine without aura of the International Headache Society. The results therefore suggest that NO is involved in the pain mechanisms of migraine with aura. Since cortical spreading ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND has been shown to liberate ENTC NO ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND  The time courses of urinary sodium excretion, plasma ENTC aldosterone ENTCEND
1	ENTC PAN ENTCEND induced ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND  urinary ENTC sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTC aldosterone ENTCEND concentration and ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
1	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND were studied in male Sprague-Dawley rats treated with a single dose of either ENTC PAN ENTCEND
0	ENTC sodium ENTCEND excretion and the appearance of ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD renovascular hypertension ENTDEND .The effect of a 6-week treatment with the calcium channel blocker nitrendipine or the ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTC nitrendipine ENTCEND  on nephrosclerosis in rats with ENTD renovascular hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD renovascular hypertension ENTDEND .The effect of a 6-week treatment with the calcium channel blocker nitrendipine or the angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ENTC enalapril ENTCEND
0	ENTD renovascular hypertension ENTDEND .The effect of a 6-week treatment with the ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND converting enzyme inhibitor enalapril on blood pressure, albuminuria, renal hemodynamics, and morphology of the nonclipped kidney was studied in rats with two-kidney, one clip renovascular hypertension. Six weeks after clipping of one renal artery, ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND
0	ENTC nitrendipine ENTCEND treated group compared with the ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND controls (n = 8), ENTC enalapril ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND channel blocker nitrendipine or the angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor enalapril on blood pressure, albuminuria, renal hemodynamics, and morphology of the nonclipped kidney was studied in rats with two-kidney, one clip renovascular hypertension. Six weeks after clipping of one renal artery, ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND
0	ENTD glomerulosclerosis ENTDEND index was significantly increased in the ENTC nitrendipine ENTCEND
0	ENTD glomerulosclerosis ENTDEND did not change after ENTC enalapril ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrosclerosis ENTDEND  in rats with renovascular hypertension.The effect of a 6-week treatment with the calcium channel blocker nitrendipine or the ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
1	ENTC nitrendipine ENTCEND  on ENTD nephrosclerosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrosclerosis ENTDEND  in rats with renovascular hypertension.The effect of a 6-week treatment with the calcium channel blocker nitrendipine or the angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ENTC enalapril ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND  channel blocker nitrendipine on ENTD nephrosclerosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND converting enzyme inhibitor enalapril on blood pressure, ENTD albuminuria ENTDEND
1	ENTC nitrendipine ENTCEND treated group ENTD albuminuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC enalapril ENTCEND on blood pressure, ENTD albuminuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND channel blocker nitrendipine or the angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor enalapril on blood pressure, ENTD albuminuria ENTDEND
1	ENTC heparin ENTCEND therapy for suspected pelvic thrombophlebitis and cleared rapidly subsequent to its discontinuation. The rate of resolution of the radiographic findings may be helpful in distinguishing between true ENTD pyeloureteritis cystica ENTDEND
0	ENTD infection ENTDEND in this patient. The disease occurred subsequent to the initiation of ENTC heparin ENTCEND
0	ENTC heparin ENTCEND therapy for suspected pelvic ENTD thrombophlebitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC heparin ENTCEND therapy for suspected pelvic thrombophlebitis and cleared rapidly subsequent to its discontinuation. The rate of resolution of the radiographic findings may be helpful in distinguishing between true pyeloureteritis cystica and ENTD submucosal hemorrhage ENTDEND
0	ENTD inflammation ENTDEND  A case is presented that is unique in that the acute onset and the rapid resolution of pyeloureteral filling defects in this patient were documented by radiography. There is no evidence of antecedent or concurrent infection in this patient. The disease occurred subsequent to the initiation of ENTC heparin ENTCEND
0	ENTD Ocular and auditory toxicity ENTDEND  in hemodialyzed patients receiving ENTC desferrioxamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND appeared in patients receiving the higher doses of ENTC desferrioxamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD neurosensorial hearing loss ENTDEND and the lesion was of the cochlear type. ENTC Desferrioxamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hearing loss ENTDEND in 3 patients and partial recovery in 3. This toxicity appeared in patients receiving the higher doses of ENTC desferrioxamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD Ocular and auditory toxicity ENTDEND  in hemodialyzed patients receiving ENTC desferrioxamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD pigmentary retinal deposits ENTDEND  Auditory toxicity was characterized by a mid- to high-frequency neurosensorial hearing loss and the lesion was of the cochlear type. ENTC Desferrioxamine ENTCEND
1	ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND  The ENTD cardiac failure ENTDEND
1	ENTD cardiac failure ENTDEND after 30 mg m-2 ENTC MMC ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiotoxic ENTDEND  especially when combined with or given following ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC MMC ENTCEND related ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC timolol ENTCEND related increase in heart size was observed only in patients with normal and borderline heart size. In patients with ENTD cardiomegaly ENTDEND
0	ENTC timolol ENTCEND  treatment after ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTD infarction ENTDEND  heart size increased in the placebo group and remained unchanged in the ENTC timolol ENTCEND
0	ENTC timolol ENTCEND induced ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
1	ENTD RPN ENTDEND  and a decreased urinary concentrating ability developed during continuous long-term treatment with aspirin and ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND
1	ENTD RPN ENTDEND  and a decreased urinary concentrating ability developed during continuous long-term treatment with ENTC aspirin ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND  in F344 rats.Renal papillary necrosis (RPN) and a decreased urinary concentrating ability developed during continuous long-term treatment with aspirin and ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND  in F344 rats.Renal papillary necrosis (RPN) and a decreased urinary concentrating ability developed during continuous long-term treatment with ENTC aspirin ENTCEND
0	ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND . Case report.Following major intracranial surgery in a 35-year-old man, sodium pentothal was intravenously infused to minimize ENTD cerebral ischaemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC sodium pentothal ENTCEND was intravenously infused to minimize ENTD cerebral ischaemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND was given intra-arterially, with careful cardiovascular monitoring, to counteract the ENTD vasospasm ENTDEND
0	ENTC sodium pentothal ENTCEND was intravenously infused to minimize cerebral ischaemia. Intense ENTD vasospasm ENTDEND
0	ENTD gangrene ENTDEND arose in the arm used for the infusion. Since the cranial condition precluded use of more usual methods, ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC sodium pentothal ENTCEND was intravenously infused to minimize cerebral ischaemia. Intense vasospasm with threatened ENTD gangrene ENTDEND
0	ENTD spasm ENTDEND  relieved by ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND
1	ENTD spasm ENTDEND  relieved by lidocaine. Case report.Following major intracranial surgery in a 35-year-old man, ENTC sodium pentothal ENTCEND
0	ENTC 99mTc-glucarate ENTCEND  for detection of isoproterenol-induced ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
1	ENTC isoproterenol ENTCEND -induced ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND  The animal model used to produce infarction implies artery ligation but chemical induction can be easily obtained with isoproterenol. A new infarct-avid radiopharmaceutical based on ENTC glucaric acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC 99mTc-glucarate ENTCEND  for detection of isoproterenol-induced myocardial infarction in rats. ENTD Infarct ENTDEND
0	ENTC isoproterenol ENTCEND  A new ENTD infarct ENTDEND
0	ENTD infarct ENTDEND avid radiopharmaceutical based on ENTC glucaric acid ENTCEND
1	ENTD hyperprolactinemia ENTDEND  induced by ENTC fluoxetine hydrochloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperprolactinemia ENTDEND  induced by fluoxetine hydrochloride, a selective ENTC serotonin ENTCEND
1	ENTD adenomyosis ENTDEND  DESIGN: ENTC Fluoxetine ENTCEND
0	ENTC steroids ENTCEND that results in a myometrial invasion by endometrial stroma. This invasion eventually progresses to ENTD adenomyosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND  reuptake inhibitor, on ENTD adenomyosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD status epilepticus ENTDEND would be sufficient to provoke abnormalities in mtDNA and in the expression and activity of cytochrome c oxidase (CCO), complex IV of the respiratory chain, in the chronic phase of the ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND
0	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND .Mitochondrial abnormalities have been associated with several aspects of epileptogenesis, such as energy generation, control of cell ENTD death ENTDEND
0	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND . ENTD Mitochondrial abnormalities ENTDEND
0	ENTD epilepsy ENTDEND  induced by ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND
1	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND model of ENTD temporal lobe epilepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND  In 42 of these patients, data were examined for factors associated with clinical outcome. Variables evaluated included patient weight, age, sex, serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
1	ENTC amikacin ENTCEND were analyzed for factors associated with ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND -induced ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC Dexamethasone ENTCEND was started between the 7th and the 28th day of life over 7 days with a total dose of 2.35 mg/kg/day. Exclusion criteria were ENTD asphyxia ENTDEND
1	ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND treatment, children showed a higher rate of minor ENTD neurological dysfunctions ENTDEND
0	ENTC Dexamethasone ENTCEND was started between the 7th and the 28th day of life over 7 days with a total dose of 2.35 mg/kg/day. Exclusion criteria were asphyxia, malformations, major surgical interventions, small for gestational age, intraventricular haemorrhage grades III and IV, periventricular leukomalacia, and severe ENTD psychomotor retardation ENTDEND
0	ENTC Dexamethasone ENTCEND was started between the 7th and the 28th day of life over 7 days with a total dose of 2.35 mg/kg/day. Exclusion criteria were asphyxia, malformations, major surgical interventions, small for gestational age, intraventricular haemorrhage grades III and IV, ENTD periventricular leukomalacia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Dexamethasone ENTCEND was started between the 7th and the 28th day of life over 7 days with a total dose of 2.35 mg/kg/day. Exclusion criteria were asphyxia, ENTD malformations ENTDEND
0	ENTC Dexamethasone ENTCEND was started between the 7th and the 28th day of life over 7 days with a total dose of 2.35 mg/kg/day. Exclusion criteria were asphyxia, malformations, major surgical interventions, small for gestational age, intraventricular ENTD haemorrhage ENTDEND
0	ENTD Myopathy ENTDEND  associated in some cases with myoglobinuria, and in 2 cases with transient renal failure, has been rarely reported with lovastatin, especially in patients concomitantly treated with cyclosporin, gemfibrozil or niacin. Lovastatin and ENTC simvastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD Myopathy ENTDEND  associated in some cases with myoglobinuria, and in 2 cases with transient renal failure, has been rarely reported with ENTC lovastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD Myopathy ENTDEND  associated in some cases with myoglobinuria, and in 2 cases with transient renal failure, has been rarely reported with lovastatin, especially in patients concomitantly treated with cyclosporin, gemfibrozil or niacin. Lovastatin and simvastatin are both effective and well-tolerated agents for lowering elevated levels of serum ENTC cholesterol ENTCEND
1	ENTD Myopathy ENTDEND  associated in some cases with myoglobinuria, and in 2 cases with transient renal failure, has been rarely reported with lovastatin, especially in patients concomitantly treated with ENTC cyclosporin ENTCEND
1	ENTD Myopathy ENTDEND  associated in some cases with myoglobinuria, and in 2 cases with transient renal failure, has been rarely reported with lovastatin, especially in patients concomitantly treated with cyclosporin, gemfibrozil or ENTC niacin ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND kinase levels are reported in about 5% of patients. ENTD Myopathy ENTDEND
1	ENTD Myopathy ENTDEND  associated in some cases with myoglobinuria, and in 2 cases with transient renal failure, has been rarely reported with lovastatin, especially in patients concomitantly treated with cyclosporin, ENTC gemfibrozil ENTCEND
0	ENTC simvastatin ENTCEND are both effective and well-tolerated agents for lowering elevated levels of serum cholesterol. As wider use confirms their safety profile, they will gain increasing importance in the therapeutic approach to ENTD hypercholesterolaemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Lovastatin ENTCEND and simvastatin are both effective and well-tolerated agents for lowering elevated levels of serum cholesterol. As wider use confirms their safety profile, they will gain increasing importance in the therapeutic approach to ENTD hypercholesterolaemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC cholesterol ENTCEND  As wider use confirms their safety profile, they will gain increasing importance in the therapeutic approach to ENTD hypercholesterolaemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclosporin ENTCEND  gemfibrozil or niacin. Lovastatin and simvastatin are both effective and well-tolerated agents for lowering elevated levels of serum cholesterol. As wider use confirms their safety profile, they will gain increasing importance in the therapeutic approach to ENTD hypercholesterolaemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC niacin ENTCEND  Lovastatin and simvastatin are both effective and well-tolerated agents for lowering elevated levels of serum cholesterol. As wider use confirms their safety profile, they will gain increasing importance in the therapeutic approach to ENTD hypercholesterolaemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND kinase levels are reported in about 5% of patients. Myopathy, associated in some cases with myoglobinuria, and in 2 cases with transient renal failure, has been rarely reported with lovastatin, especially in patients concomitantly treated with cyclosporin, gemfibrozil or niacin. Lovastatin and simvastatin are both effective and well-tolerated agents for lowering elevated levels of serum cholesterol. As wider use confirms their safety profile, they will gain increasing importance in the therapeutic approach to ENTD hypercholesterolaemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC gemfibrozil ENTCEND or niacin. Lovastatin and simvastatin are both effective and well-tolerated agents for lowering elevated levels of serum cholesterol. As wider use confirms their safety profile, they will gain increasing importance in the therapeutic approach to ENTD hypercholesterolaemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal failure ENTDEND  has been rarely reported with lovastatin, especially in patients concomitantly treated with cyclosporin, gemfibrozil or niacin. Lovastatin and ENTC simvastatin ENTCEND
1	ENTD renal failure ENTDEND  has been rarely reported with ENTC lovastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal failure ENTDEND  has been rarely reported with lovastatin, especially in patients concomitantly treated with cyclosporin, gemfibrozil or niacin. Lovastatin and simvastatin are both effective and well-tolerated agents for lowering elevated levels of serum ENTC cholesterol ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal failure ENTDEND  has been rarely reported with lovastatin, especially in patients concomitantly treated with ENTC cyclosporin ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal failure ENTDEND  has been rarely reported with lovastatin, especially in patients concomitantly treated with cyclosporin, gemfibrozil or ENTC niacin ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND kinase levels are reported in about 5% of patients. Myopathy, associated in some cases with myoglobinuria, and in 2 cases with transient ENTD renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal failure ENTDEND  has been rarely reported with lovastatin, especially in patients concomitantly treated with cyclosporin, ENTC gemfibrozil ENTCEND
0	ENTD myoglobinuria ENTDEND  and in 2 cases with transient renal failure, has been rarely reported with lovastatin, especially in patients concomitantly treated with cyclosporin, gemfibrozil or niacin. Lovastatin and ENTC simvastatin ENTCEND
1	ENTD myoglobinuria ENTDEND  and in 2 cases with transient renal failure, has been rarely reported with ENTC lovastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD myoglobinuria ENTDEND  and in 2 cases with transient renal failure, has been rarely reported with lovastatin, especially in patients concomitantly treated with cyclosporin, gemfibrozil or niacin. Lovastatin and simvastatin are both effective and well-tolerated agents for lowering elevated levels of serum ENTC cholesterol ENTCEND
0	ENTD myoglobinuria ENTDEND  and in 2 cases with transient renal failure, has been rarely reported with lovastatin, especially in patients concomitantly treated with ENTC cyclosporin ENTCEND
0	ENTD myoglobinuria ENTDEND  and in 2 cases with transient renal failure, has been rarely reported with lovastatin, especially in patients concomitantly treated with cyclosporin, gemfibrozil or ENTC niacin ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND kinase levels are reported in about 5% of patients. Myopathy, associated in some cases with ENTD myoglobinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD myoglobinuria ENTDEND  and in 2 cases with transient renal failure, has been rarely reported with lovastatin, especially in patients concomitantly treated with cyclosporin, ENTC gemfibrozil ENTCEND
1	ENTC clonidine ENTCEND induced ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD respiratory and cardiovascular depression ENTDEND  This report describes the first published case of cardiorespiratory arrest and death associated with intramuscular administration of ENTC midazolam ENTCEND
1	ENTC midazolam ENTCEND -associated ENTD cardiorespiratory arrest ENTDEND
0	ENTD death ENTDEND . ENTC Midazolam hydrochloride ENTCEND
1	ENTD respiratory and cardiovascular depression ENTDEND  This report describes the first published case of cardiorespiratory arrest and death associated with intramuscular administration of ENTC midazolam ENTCEND
1	ENTC octreotide ENTCEND induced ENTD gall stones ENTDEND
0	ENTD gall bladder stones ENTDEND  associated with octreotide: response to oral ENTC ursodeoxycholic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD gall stones ENTDEND are generally small, multiple, and ENTC cholesterol ENTCEND
0	ENTD gall stones ENTDEND containing ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC octreotide ENTCEND treated ENTD acromegalic ENTDEND
0	ENTC ursodeoxycholic acid ENTCEND .Octreotide, an effective treatment for ENTD acromegaly ENTDEND
0	ENTD acromegalic ENTDEND patients with gall stones. Chemical analysis of gall stones retrieved at cholecystectomy from two patients, showed that they contained 71% and 87% ENTC cholesterol ENTCEND
0	ENTC p-choloroaniline ENTCEND is not a significant factor in chlorhexidine-digluconate associated erosive ENTD cystitis ENTDEND
1	ENTC povidone-iodine ENTCEND irrigations were associated with erosive ENTD cystitis ENTDEND
1	ENTD cystitis ENTDEND  A high percentage of kanamycin- ENTC colistin ENTCEND
1	ENTC chlorhexidine-digluconate ENTCEND associated erosive ENTD cystitis ENTDEND
1	ENTD cystitis ENTDEND  A high percentage of ENTC kanamycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD cystitis ENTDEND and suggested a possible complication with human usage. ENTC Picloxydine ENTCEND
0	ENTD thrombotic cardiovascular ENTDEND event data. Efficacy was evaluated using the Patient Global Assessment of Disease Status (PGADS; 0-4 point scale). RESULTS: Mean (SD; maximum) duration of treatment was 19.3 (10.3; 32.9) and 19.1 (10.4; 33.1) months in the ENTC etoricoxib ENTCEND
0	ENTC aspirin ENTCEND was allowed. The prespecified primary end point consisted of the cumulative rate of patient discontinuations due to clinical and laboratory GI adverse experiences (AEs). General safety was also assessed, including adjudicated ENTD thrombotic cardiovascular ENTDEND
0	ENTD thrombotic cardiovascular ENTDEND event data. Efficacy was evaluated using the Patient Global Assessment of Disease Status (PGADS; 0-4 point scale). RESULTS: Mean (SD; maximum) duration of treatment was 19.3 (10.3; 32.9) and 19.1 (10.4; 33.1) months in the etoricoxib and ENTC diclofenac ENTCEND
0	ENTC etoricoxib ENTCEND  in ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND
0	ENTD RA ENTDEND were enrolled and received etoricoxib 90 mg daily (n = 2032) or diclofenac 75 mg twice daily (n = 2054). Use of gastroprotective agents and low-dose ENTC aspirin ENTCEND
0	ENTC diclofenac ENTCEND in patients with ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND
1	ENTD oedema ENTDEND . ENTC Etoricoxib ENTCEND
0	ENTD oedema ENTDEND . Etoricoxib and ENTC diclofenac ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND and p<0.01 for oedema). ENTC Etoricoxib ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND and p<0.01 for oedema). Etoricoxib and ENTC diclofenac ENTCEND
0	ENTD GI AEs ENTDEND was significantly lower with ENTC etoricoxib ENTCEND
0	ENTC aspirin ENTCEND was allowed. The prespecified primary end point consisted of the cumulative rate of patient discontinuations due to clinical and laboratory GI adverse experiences (AEs). General safety was also assessed, including adjudicated thrombotic cardiovascular event data. Efficacy was evaluated using the Patient Global Assessment of Disease Status (PGADS; 0-4 point scale). RESULTS: Mean (SD; maximum) duration of treatment was 19.3 (10.3; 32.9) and 19.1 (10.4; 33.1) months in the etoricoxib and diclofenac groups, respectively. The cumulative discontinuation rate due to ENTD GI AEs ENTDEND
1	ENTD GI AEs ENTDEND compared with ENTC diclofenac ENTCEND
1	ENTC Ifosfamide ENTCEND ENTD encephalopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND for ENTD plasmacytoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD metabolic abnormalities ENTDEND  An electroencephalogram showed continuous, generalized irregular slowing with admixed periodic triphasic waves indicating symptomatic encephalopathy. The administration of ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND
1	ENTD myoclonus ENTDEND is associated with the use of ENTC IFX ENTCEND
0	ENTD asterixis ENTDEND during infusion of ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC aldosterone ENTCEND values were raised, with a concomitant suppression of renin levels. Our findings show that long-term treatment with high doses of ketoconazole may induce enzyme blockade leading to mineralocorticoid-related ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND 31 (patient 1) and 52 weeks (patient 2) after treatment. In patient 1, plasma levels of deoxycorticosterone and ENTC 11-deoxycortisol ENTCEND
1	ENTC ketoconazole ENTCEND developed sustained ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND 31 (patient 1) and 52 weeks (patient 2) after treatment. In patient 1, plasma levels of ENTC deoxycorticosterone ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  In both cases normal plasma and urinary free ENTC cortisol ENTCEND
0	ENTD Cushing's syndrome ENTDEND treated on a long-term basis with ketoconazole developed sustained hypertension. In both cases normal plasma and urinary free cortisol levels had been achieved following ketoconazole therapy, yet continuous blood pressure monitoring demonstrated hypertension 31 (patient 1) and 52 weeks (patient 2) after treatment. In patient 1, plasma levels of deoxycorticosterone and 11-deoxycortisol were elevated. In patient 2, in addition to an increase in both deoxycorticosterone and 11-deoxycortisol levels, plasma ENTC aldosterone ENTCEND
0	ENTD Cushing's syndrome ENTDEND treated on a long-term basis with ketoconazole developed sustained hypertension. In both cases normal plasma and urinary free cortisol levels had been achieved following ketoconazole therapy, yet continuous blood pressure monitoring demonstrated hypertension 31 (patient 1) and 52 weeks (patient 2) after treatment. In patient 1, plasma levels of deoxycorticosterone and ENTC 11-deoxycortisol ENTCEND
0	ENTD Cushing's syndrome ENTDEND treated on a long-term basis with ENTC ketoconazole ENTCEND
0	ENTD Cushing's syndrome ENTDEND treated on a long-term basis with ketoconazole developed sustained hypertension. In both cases normal plasma and urinary free cortisol levels had been achieved following ketoconazole therapy, yet continuous blood pressure monitoring demonstrated hypertension 31 (patient 1) and 52 weeks (patient 2) after treatment. In patient 1, plasma levels of ENTC deoxycorticosterone ENTCEND
0	ENTD Cushing's syndrome ENTDEND treated on a long-term basis with ketoconazole developed sustained hypertension. In both cases normal plasma and urinary free ENTC cortisol ENTCEND
1	ENTD primary pulmonary hypertension ENTDEND  Intake of ENTC appetite suppressants ENTCEND
1	ENTC fenfluramines ENTCEND  as compared with only 5 of the controls (66 versus 6%, p<0.0001). Five patients died before the interview, all of them had taken appetite suppressants. In 8 patients the diagnosis of ENTD primary pulmonary hypertension ENTDEND
1	ENTD malformations ENTDEND with ENTC ASA ENTCEND
0	ENTC ASA ENTCEND induces several other low-incidence malformations. In single dose studies, DH, ENTD MD ENTDEND
1	ENTC ASA ENTCEND induces several other low-incidence malformations. In single dose studies, ENTD DH ENTDEND
0	ENTD gastrointestinal toxicity ENTDEND confounds the detection of low incidence malformations with ENTC ASA ENTCEND
1	ENTC ASA ENTCEND induces several other low-incidence malformations. In single dose studies, DH, MD, and ENTD VSD ENTDEND
0	ENTD hydrocephalus ENTDEND in the Wistar rats. Variations and malformations were similar when ENTC ASA ENTCEND
0	ENTC valdecoxib ENTCEND  a new COX-2-specific inhibitor in approximately 8000 patients with ENTD osteoarthritis ENTDEND
0	ENTC ibuprofen ENTCEND 800 mg tid, or naproxen 500 mg bid) and placebo data from 10 randomized ENTD osteoarthritis ENTDEND
0	ENTD osteoarthritis ENTDEND and rheumatoid arthritis trials that were 6-52 weeks in duration. The incidence rates of events were determined in all patients (n = 7934) and in users of low-dose (< or =325 mg daily) ENTC aspirin ENTCEND
0	ENTC naproxen ENTCEND 500 mg bid) and placebo data from 10 randomized ENTD osteoarthritis ENTDEND
0	ENTC diclofenac ENTCEND 75 mg bid, ibuprofen 800 mg tid, or naproxen 500 mg bid) and placebo data from 10 randomized ENTD osteoarthritis ENTDEND
0	ENTC valdecoxib ENTCEND  a new COX-2-specific inhibitor in approximately 8000 patients with osteoarthritis and ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND
0	ENTC ibuprofen ENTCEND 800 mg tid, or naproxen 500 mg bid) and placebo data from 10 randomized osteoarthritis and ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND
0	ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND trials that were 6-52 weeks in duration. The incidence rates of events were determined in all patients (n = 7934) and in users of low-dose (< or =325 mg daily) ENTC aspirin ENTCEND
0	ENTC naproxen ENTCEND 500 mg bid) and placebo data from 10 randomized osteoarthritis and ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND
0	ENTC diclofenac ENTCEND 75 mg bid, ibuprofen 800 mg tid, or naproxen 500 mg bid) and placebo data from 10 randomized osteoarthritis and ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND
0	ENTC valdecoxib ENTCEND  versus nonsteroidal antiinflammatory agents and placebo on cardiovascular thrombotic events in patients with ENTD arthritis ENTDEND
0	ENTD arthritis ENTDEND .There have been concerns that the risk of cardiovascular thrombotic events may be higher with cyclooxygenase (COX)-2-specific inhibitors than nonselective nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs (NSAIDs). We evaluated cardiovascular event data for valdecoxib, a new COX-2-specific inhibitor in approximately 8000 patients with osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis treated with this agent in randomized clinical trials. The incidence of cardiovascular thrombotic events (cardiac, cerebrovascular and peripheral vascular, or arterial thrombotic) was determined by analyzing pooled valdecoxib (10-80 mg daily), nonselective NSAID (diclofenac 75 mg bid, ENTC ibuprofen ENTCEND
0	ENTD arthritis ENTDEND .There have been concerns that the risk of cardiovascular thrombotic events may be higher with cyclooxygenase (COX)-2-specific inhibitors than nonselective nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs (NSAIDs). We evaluated cardiovascular event data for valdecoxib, a new COX-2-specific inhibitor in approximately 8000 patients with osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis treated with this agent in randomized clinical trials. The incidence of cardiovascular thrombotic events (cardiac, cerebrovascular and peripheral vascular, or arterial thrombotic) was determined by analyzing pooled valdecoxib (10-80 mg daily), nonselective NSAID (diclofenac 75 mg bid, ibuprofen 800 mg tid, or naproxen 500 mg bid) and placebo data from 10 randomized osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis trials that were 6-52 weeks in duration. The incidence rates of events were determined in all patients (n = 7934) and in users of low-dose (< or =325 mg daily) ENTC aspirin ENTCEND
0	ENTD arthritis ENTDEND .There have been concerns that the risk of cardiovascular thrombotic events may be higher with cyclooxygenase (COX)-2-specific inhibitors than nonselective nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs (NSAIDs). We evaluated cardiovascular event data for valdecoxib, a new COX-2-specific inhibitor in approximately 8000 patients with osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis treated with this agent in randomized clinical trials. The incidence of cardiovascular thrombotic events (cardiac, cerebrovascular and peripheral vascular, or arterial thrombotic) was determined by analyzing pooled valdecoxib (10-80 mg daily), nonselective NSAID (diclofenac 75 mg bid, ibuprofen 800 mg tid, or ENTC naproxen ENTCEND
0	ENTD arthritis ENTDEND .There have been concerns that the risk of cardiovascular thrombotic events may be higher with cyclooxygenase (COX)-2-specific inhibitors than nonselective nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs (NSAIDs). We evaluated cardiovascular event data for valdecoxib, a new COX-2-specific inhibitor in approximately 8000 patients with osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis treated with this agent in randomized clinical trials. The incidence of cardiovascular thrombotic events (cardiac, cerebrovascular and peripheral vascular, or arterial thrombotic) was determined by analyzing pooled valdecoxib (10-80 mg daily), nonselective NSAID ( ENTC diclofenac ENTCEND
0	ENTC valdecoxib ENTCEND dose. ENTD Thrombotic ENTDEND
0	ENTD thrombotic ENTDEND  was determined by analyzing pooled valdecoxib (10-80 mg daily), nonselective NSAID (diclofenac 75 mg bid, ENTC ibuprofen ENTCEND
1	ENTD Thrombotic ENTDEND risk was consistently higher for users of ENTC aspirin ENTCEND
0	ENTD thrombotic ENTDEND  was determined by analyzing pooled valdecoxib (10-80 mg daily), nonselective NSAID (diclofenac 75 mg bid, ibuprofen 800 mg tid, or ENTC naproxen ENTCEND
0	ENTD thrombotic ENTDEND  was determined by analyzing pooled valdecoxib (10-80 mg daily), nonselective NSAID ( ENTC diclofenac ENTCEND
1	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND has an antiviral effect in advanced cases of AHF, and that ENTD anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND resulted in a neutralization of viremia and a drop of endogenous interferon titers. The average time of ENTD death ENTDEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND during the initial days of ENTD AHF ENTDEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND resulted in a neutralization of ENTD viremia ENTDEND
0	ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND  converting enzyme (Captopril) on ENTD pulmonary and renal insufficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTC AMCA ENTCEND  in the rat gives rise to ENTD pulmonary and renal insufficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTD pulmonary and renal insufficiency ENTDEND in this rat model. The lung weights were lower and PaO2 was improved in rats given this enzyme-blocking agent. The contents of albumin in the lungs were not changed, indicating that Captopril did not influence the extravasation of protein. Renal damage as reflected by an increase in serum urea and in kidney weight was prevented by Captopril. The amount of fibrin in the kidneys was also considerably lower than in animals which received thrombin and AMCA alone. It is suggested that the effects of Captopril on the lungs may be attributable to a vasodilatory effect due to a reduction in the circulating level of Angiotension II and an increase in ENTC prostacyclin ENTCEND
0	ENTC Captopril ENTCEND ) on ENTD pulmonary and renal insufficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTD pulmonary and renal insufficiency ENTDEND in this rat model. The lung weights were lower and PaO2 was improved in rats given this enzyme-blocking agent. The contents of albumin in the lungs were not changed, indicating that Captopril did not influence the extravasation of protein. Renal damage as reflected by an increase in serum ENTC urea ENTCEND
0	ENTD pulmonary and renal insufficiency ENTDEND in this rat model. The lung weights were lower and PaO2 was improved in rats given this enzyme-blocking agent. The contents of albumin in the lungs were not changed, indicating that Captopril did not influence the extravasation of protein. Renal damage as reflected by an increase in serum urea and in kidney weight was prevented by Captopril. The amount of fibrin in the kidneys was also considerably lower than in animals which received thrombin and AMCA alone. It is suggested that the effects of Captopril on the lungs may be attributable to a vasodilatory effect due to a reduction in the circulating level of ENTC Angiotension II ENTCEND
0	ENTD pulmonary and renal insufficiency ENTDEND in this rat model. The lung weights were lower and PaO2 was improved in rats given this enzyme-blocking agent. The contents of albumin in the lungs were not changed, indicating that Captopril did not influence the extravasation of protein. Renal damage as reflected by an increase in serum urea and in kidney weight was prevented by Captopril. The amount of fibrin in the kidneys was also considerably lower than in animals which received thrombin and AMCA alone. It is suggested that the effects of Captopril on the lungs may be attributable to a vasodilatory effect due to a reduction in the circulating level of Angiotension II and an increase in prostacyclin (secondary to an increase in ENTC bradykinin ENTCEND
0	ENTD sepsis ENTDEND in man. Injection of Captopril (1 mg/kg), an inhibitor of ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTC AMCA ENTCEND  in the rat gives rise to pulmonary and renal insufficiency resembling that occurring after trauma or ENTD sepsis ENTDEND
0	ENTD sepsis ENTDEND in man. Injection of ENTC Captopril ENTCEND
0	ENTD sepsis ENTDEND in man. Injection of Captopril (1 mg/kg), an inhibitor of angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE), reduced both pulmonary and renal insufficiency in this rat model. The lung weights were lower and PaO2 was improved in rats given this enzyme-blocking agent. The contents of albumin in the lungs were not changed, indicating that Captopril did not influence the extravasation of protein. Renal damage as reflected by an increase in serum ENTC urea ENTCEND
0	ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND  converting enzyme (Captopril) on pulmonary and renal insufficiency due to ENTD intravascular coagulation ENTDEND
1	ENTD intravascular coagulation ENTDEND and inhibition of fibrinolysis by injection of thrombin and ENTC tranexamic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC Captopril ENTCEND ) on pulmonary and renal insufficiency due to ENTD intravascular coagulation ENTDEND
0	ENTD intravascular coagulation ENTDEND and inhibition of fibrinolysis by injection of thrombin and tranexamic acid (AMCA) in the rat gives rise to pulmonary and renal insufficiency resembling that occurring after trauma or sepsis in man. Injection of Captopril (1 mg/kg), an inhibitor of angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE), reduced both pulmonary and renal insufficiency in this rat model. The lung weights were lower and PaO2 was improved in rats given this enzyme-blocking agent. The contents of albumin in the lungs were not changed, indicating that Captopril did not influence the extravasation of protein. Renal damage as reflected by an increase in serum ENTC urea ENTCEND
0	ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND  converting enzyme (Captopril) on ENTD pulmonary and renal insufficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTC AMCA ENTCEND  in the rat gives rise to ENTD pulmonary and renal insufficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTD pulmonary and renal insufficiency ENTDEND in this rat model. The lung weights were lower and PaO2 was improved in rats given this enzyme-blocking agent. The contents of albumin in the lungs were not changed, indicating that Captopril did not influence the extravasation of protein. Renal damage as reflected by an increase in serum urea and in kidney weight was prevented by Captopril. The amount of fibrin in the kidneys was also considerably lower than in animals which received thrombin and AMCA alone. It is suggested that the effects of Captopril on the lungs may be attributable to a vasodilatory effect due to a reduction in the circulating level of Angiotension II and an increase in ENTC prostacyclin ENTCEND
0	ENTC Captopril ENTCEND ) on ENTD pulmonary and renal insufficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTD pulmonary and renal insufficiency ENTDEND in this rat model. The lung weights were lower and PaO2 was improved in rats given this enzyme-blocking agent. The contents of albumin in the lungs were not changed, indicating that Captopril did not influence the extravasation of protein. Renal damage as reflected by an increase in serum ENTC urea ENTCEND
0	ENTD pulmonary and renal insufficiency ENTDEND in this rat model. The lung weights were lower and PaO2 was improved in rats given this enzyme-blocking agent. The contents of albumin in the lungs were not changed, indicating that Captopril did not influence the extravasation of protein. Renal damage as reflected by an increase in serum urea and in kidney weight was prevented by Captopril. The amount of fibrin in the kidneys was also considerably lower than in animals which received thrombin and AMCA alone. It is suggested that the effects of Captopril on the lungs may be attributable to a vasodilatory effect due to a reduction in the circulating level of ENTC Angiotension II ENTCEND
0	ENTD pulmonary and renal insufficiency ENTDEND in this rat model. The lung weights were lower and PaO2 was improved in rats given this enzyme-blocking agent. The contents of albumin in the lungs were not changed, indicating that Captopril did not influence the extravasation of protein. Renal damage as reflected by an increase in serum urea and in kidney weight was prevented by Captopril. The amount of fibrin in the kidneys was also considerably lower than in animals which received thrombin and AMCA alone. It is suggested that the effects of Captopril on the lungs may be attributable to a vasodilatory effect due to a reduction in the circulating level of Angiotension II and an increase in prostacyclin (secondary to an increase in ENTC bradykinin ENTCEND
0	ENTD trauma ENTDEND or sepsis in man. Injection of Captopril (1 mg/kg), an inhibitor of ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTC AMCA ENTCEND  in the rat gives rise to pulmonary and renal insufficiency resembling that occurring after ENTD trauma ENTDEND
0	ENTD trauma ENTDEND or sepsis in man. Injection of ENTC Captopril ENTCEND
0	ENTD trauma ENTDEND or sepsis in man. Injection of Captopril (1 mg/kg), an inhibitor of angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE), reduced both pulmonary and renal insufficiency in this rat model. The lung weights were lower and PaO2 was improved in rats given this enzyme-blocking agent. The contents of albumin in the lungs were not changed, indicating that Captopril did not influence the extravasation of protein. Renal damage as reflected by an increase in serum ENTC urea ENTCEND
0	ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND converting enzyme (ACE), reduced both pulmonary and renal insufficiency in this rat model. The lung weights were lower and PaO2 was improved in rats given this enzyme-blocking agent. The contents of albumin in the lungs were not changed, indicating that Captopril did not influence the extravasation of protein. ENTD Renal damage ENTDEND
0	ENTD Renal damage ENTDEND as reflected by an increase in serum urea and in kidney weight was prevented by Captopril. The amount of fibrin in the kidneys was also considerably lower than in animals which received thrombin and ENTC AMCA ENTCEND
0	ENTC prostacyclin ENTCEND (secondary to an increase in bradykinin). Captopril may, by the same mechanism, reduce the increase in glomerular filtration that is known to occur after an injection of thrombin, thereby diminishing the aggregation of fibrin monomers in the glomeruli, with the result that less fibrin will be deposited and thus less ENTD kidney damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC Captopril ENTCEND did not influence the extravasation of protein. ENTD Renal damage ENTDEND
0	ENTD Renal damage ENTDEND as reflected by an increase in serum ENTC urea ENTCEND
0	ENTC Angiotension II ENTCEND and an increase in prostacyclin (secondary to an increase in bradykinin). Captopril may, by the same mechanism, reduce the increase in glomerular filtration that is known to occur after an injection of thrombin, thereby diminishing the aggregation of fibrin monomers in the glomeruli, with the result that less fibrin will be deposited and thus less ENTD kidney damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC bradykinin ENTCEND . Captopril may, by the same mechanism, reduce the increase in glomerular filtration that is known to occur after an injection of thrombin, thereby diminishing the aggregation of fibrin monomers in the glomeruli, with the result that less fibrin will be deposited and thus less ENTD kidney damage ENTDEND
1	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND in 10% of patients. The most common symptomatic adverse reactions were tremor or ENTD ataxia ENTDEND
1	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND in 10% of patients. The most common symptomatic adverse reactions were tremor or ataxia (35%), ENTD nausea ENTDEND
1	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND in 10% of patients. The most common symptomatic adverse reactions were tremor or ataxia (35%), nausea and ENTD anorexia ENTDEND
1	ENTD thyroid function abnormalities ENTDEND (6%) and pulmonary interstitial infiltrates (5%). Although large-dose ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  of high-dose ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND  therapy for ENTD ventricular tachycardia ENTDEND
1	ENTD visual halos or blurring ENTDEND (6%), thyroid function abnormalities (6%) and pulmonary interstitial infiltrates (5%). Although large-dose ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTD ventricular fibrillation ENTDEND . ENTC Amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTC Amiodarone ENTCEND was administered to 154 patients who had sustained, symptomatic ventricular tachycardia (VT) (n = 118) or a ENTD cardiac arrest ENTDEND
0	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND in 10% of patients. The most common symptomatic adverse reactions were ENTD tremor ENTDEND
0	ENTC chlorpheniramine ENTCEND , and placebo in the treatment of ENTD spring allergic rhinitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD spring allergic rhinitis ENTDEND . ENTC Azelastine ENTCEND
0	ENTC chlorpheniramine ENTCEND group did have fewer symptoms than the placebo group during the study, the difference never reached statistical significance during any week of the study. There were no serious side effects in any of the treatment groups. Drowsiness and ENTD altered taste perception ENTDEND
1	ENTD altered taste perception ENTDEND were increased significantly over placebo only in the high-dose ENTC azelastine ENTCEND
0	ENTC chlorpheniramine ENTCEND group did have fewer symptoms than the placebo group during the study, the difference never reached statistical significance during any week of the study. There were no serious side effects in any of the treatment groups. ENTD Drowsiness ENTDEND
1	ENTD Drowsiness ENTDEND and altered taste perception were increased significantly over placebo only in the high-dose ENTC azelastine ENTCEND
1	ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND associated with therapeutic doses of ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND in the development of ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD Acute liver failure ENTDEND  in two patients with regular alcohol consumption ingesting ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND
0	ENTD Acute liver failure ENTDEND  in two patients with regular ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
1	ENTD liver failure ENTDEND is possible when therapeutic doses are ingested. We propose that the ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND  ENTD liver failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD thromboembolic disease ENTDEND has been reported during treatment with ENTC epsilon-aminocaproic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC epsilon-aminocaproic acid ENTCEND therapy for ENTD menorrhagia ENTDEND
1	ENTD sagittal and left transverse sinus thrombosis ENTDEND associated with prolonged ENTC epsilon-aminocaproic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD sagittal and left transverse sinus thrombosis ENTDEND associated with prolonged ENTC epsilon-aminocaproic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC epsilon-aminocaproic acid ENTCEND  ENTD cerebral sinus thrombosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD blood loss ENTDEND  Although increased risk of thromboembolic disease has been reported during treatment with ENTC epsilon-aminocaproic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC oxazepam ENTCEND  temazepam and zopiclone were analysed. RESULTS: The mean +/- SD duration of BZD/RD use was 7 +/- 7 years (range 1-31). Two or three BZDs/RDs were concomitantly taken by 26% of users (n = 20). Long-term use of these drugs was associated with female sex and use of a higher number of drugs with effects on the CNS, which tended to be related to diagnosed ENTD dementia ENTDEND
0	ENTC zopiclone ENTCEND were analysed. RESULTS: The mean +/- SD duration of BZD/RD use was 7 +/- 7 years (range 1-31). Two or three BZDs/RDs were concomitantly taken by 26% of users (n = 20). Long-term use of these drugs was associated with female sex and use of a higher number of drugs with effects on the CNS, which tended to be related to diagnosed ENTD dementia ENTDEND
0	ENTD dementia ENTDEND  After adjustment for these variables as confounders, use of ENTC BZDs ENTCEND
0	ENTC temazepam ENTCEND and zopiclone were analysed. RESULTS: The mean +/- SD duration of BZD/RD use was 7 +/- 7 years (range 1-31). Two or three BZDs/RDs were concomitantly taken by 26% of users (n = 20). Long-term use of these drugs was associated with female sex and use of a higher number of drugs with effects on the CNS, which tended to be related to diagnosed ENTD dementia ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxazepam ENTCEND  temazepam and zopiclone were analysed. RESULTS: The mean +/- SD duration of BZD/RD use was 7 +/- 7 years (range 1-31). Two or three BZDs/RDs were concomitantly taken by 26% of users (n = 20). Long-term use of these drugs was associated with female sex and use of a higher number of drugs with effects on the CNS, which tended to be related to diagnosed dementia. After adjustment for these variables as confounders, use of BZDs/RDs was not associated with cognitive function as measured by the MMSE. However, use of BZDs/RDs was associated with dizziness, inability to sleep after awaking at night and tiredness in the mornings during the week prior to admission and with stronger ENTD depressive symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTC zopiclone ENTCEND were analysed. RESULTS: The mean +/- SD duration of BZD/RD use was 7 +/- 7 years (range 1-31). Two or three BZDs/RDs were concomitantly taken by 26% of users (n = 20). Long-term use of these drugs was associated with female sex and use of a higher number of drugs with effects on the CNS, which tended to be related to diagnosed dementia. After adjustment for these variables as confounders, use of BZDs/RDs was not associated with cognitive function as measured by the MMSE. However, use of BZDs/RDs was associated with dizziness, inability to sleep after awaking at night and tiredness in the mornings during the week prior to admission and with stronger ENTD depressive symptoms ENTDEND
1	ENTD depressive symptoms ENTDEND measured at the beginning of the hospital stay. Use of ENTC BZDs ENTCEND
0	ENTD depressive symptoms ENTDEND measured at the beginning of the hospital stay. Use of BZDs/RDs tended to be associated with a reduced ability to walk and shorter night-time sleep during the week prior to admission. A higher residual serum concentration of ENTC temazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTC oxazepam ENTCEND  temazepam and zopiclone were analysed. RESULTS: The mean +/- SD duration of BZD/RD use was 7 +/- 7 years (range 1-31). Two or three BZDs/RDs were concomitantly taken by 26% of users (n = 20). Long-term use of these drugs was associated with female sex and use of a higher number of drugs with effects on the CNS, which tended to be related to diagnosed dementia. After adjustment for these variables as confounders, use of BZDs/RDs was not associated with cognitive function as measured by the MMSE. However, use of BZDs/RDs was associated with dizziness, ENTD inability to sleep ENTDEND
0	ENTC zopiclone ENTCEND were analysed. RESULTS: The mean +/- SD duration of BZD/RD use was 7 +/- 7 years (range 1-31). Two or three BZDs/RDs were concomitantly taken by 26% of users (n = 20). Long-term use of these drugs was associated with female sex and use of a higher number of drugs with effects on the CNS, which tended to be related to diagnosed dementia. After adjustment for these variables as confounders, use of BZDs/RDs was not associated with cognitive function as measured by the MMSE. However, use of BZDs/RDs was associated with dizziness, ENTD inability to sleep ENTDEND
1	ENTC BZDs ENTCEND RDs was associated with dizziness, ENTD inability to sleep ENTDEND
0	ENTD inability to sleep ENTDEND after awaking at night and tiredness in the mornings during the week prior to admission and with stronger depressive symptoms measured at the beginning of the hospital stay. Use of BZDs/RDs tended to be associated with a reduced ability to walk and shorter night-time sleep during the week prior to admission. A higher residual serum concentration of ENTC temazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTC oxazepam ENTCEND  temazepam and zopiclone were analysed. RESULTS: The mean +/- SD duration of BZD/RD use was 7 +/- 7 years (range 1-31). Two or three BZDs/RDs were concomitantly taken by 26% of users (n = 20). Long-term use of these drugs was associated with female sex and use of a higher number of drugs with effects on the CNS, which tended to be related to diagnosed dementia. After adjustment for these variables as confounders, use of BZDs/RDs was not associated with cognitive function as measured by the MMSE. However, use of BZDs/RDs was associated with ENTD dizziness ENTDEND
0	ENTC zopiclone ENTCEND were analysed. RESULTS: The mean +/- SD duration of BZD/RD use was 7 +/- 7 years (range 1-31). Two or three BZDs/RDs were concomitantly taken by 26% of users (n = 20). Long-term use of these drugs was associated with female sex and use of a higher number of drugs with effects on the CNS, which tended to be related to diagnosed dementia. After adjustment for these variables as confounders, use of BZDs/RDs was not associated with cognitive function as measured by the MMSE. However, use of BZDs/RDs was associated with ENTD dizziness ENTDEND
1	ENTC BZDs ENTCEND RDs was associated with ENTD dizziness ENTDEND
0	ENTD dizziness ENTDEND  inability to sleep after awaking at night and tiredness in the mornings during the week prior to admission and with stronger depressive symptoms measured at the beginning of the hospital stay. Use of BZDs/RDs tended to be associated with a reduced ability to walk and shorter night-time sleep during the week prior to admission. A higher residual serum concentration of ENTC temazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTC oxazepam ENTCEND  temazepam and zopiclone were analysed. RESULTS: The mean +/- SD duration of BZD/RD use was 7 +/- 7 years (range 1-31). Two or three BZDs/RDs were concomitantly taken by 26% of users (n = 20). Long-term use of these drugs was associated with female sex and use of a higher number of drugs with effects on the CNS, which tended to be related to diagnosed dementia. After adjustment for these variables as confounders, use of BZDs/RDs was not associated with cognitive function as measured by the MMSE. However, use of BZDs/RDs was associated with dizziness, inability to sleep after awaking at night and ENTD tiredness ENTDEND
0	ENTC zopiclone ENTCEND were analysed. RESULTS: The mean +/- SD duration of BZD/RD use was 7 +/- 7 years (range 1-31). Two or three BZDs/RDs were concomitantly taken by 26% of users (n = 20). Long-term use of these drugs was associated with female sex and use of a higher number of drugs with effects on the CNS, which tended to be related to diagnosed dementia. After adjustment for these variables as confounders, use of BZDs/RDs was not associated with cognitive function as measured by the MMSE. However, use of BZDs/RDs was associated with dizziness, inability to sleep after awaking at night and ENTD tiredness ENTDEND
1	ENTC BZDs ENTCEND RDs was associated with dizziness, inability to sleep after awaking at night and ENTD tiredness ENTDEND
0	ENTD tiredness ENTDEND in the mornings during the week prior to admission and with stronger depressive symptoms measured at the beginning of the hospital stay. Use of BZDs/RDs tended to be associated with a reduced ability to walk and shorter night-time sleep during the week prior to admission. A higher residual serum concentration of ENTC temazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTC phenylacetic acid ENTCEND  Although generally well-tolerated, asymptomatic ENTD abnormalities of liver function ENTDEND
1	ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND induced by ENTC diclofenac ENTCEND
0	ENTD Chronic active hepatitis ENTDEND  associated with diclofenac sodium therapy.Diclofenac sodium (Voltarol, Geigy Pharmaceuticals) is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory derivative of ENTC phenylacetic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD Chronic active hepatitis ENTDEND  associated with ENTC diclofenac sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND induced sedation by recording the vigilance states, and picrotoxin- and pentylenetetrazol-induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
1	ENTC beta-carboline ENTCEND -induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
1	ENTC pentylenetetrazol ENTCEND induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND induced by a single i.p. injection of methyl beta-carboline-3-carboxylate (beta-CCM), an inverse agonist of the GABA(A) receptor ENTC benzodiazepine ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND  are also differentially sensitive to various pharmacological effects of other ENTC GABA ENTCEND
1	ENTC picrotoxin ENTCEND  and pentylenetetrazol-induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
1	ENTD apical ballooning syndrome ENTDEND occurring after ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD akinesia ENTDEND of the base (as opposed to the classic apical ballooning). In this article, we report an interesting case of a young woman who presented with this rare type of reverse apical ballooning syndrome occurring after ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD RPGN ENTDEND in the course of ENTC D-penicillamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND and antiplatelet agents. A complete recovery of renal function was achieved in a few weeks. This new case of ENTD RPGN ENTDEND
0	ENTC antiplatelet agents ENTCEND  A complete recovery of renal function was achieved in a few weeks. This new case of ENTD RPGN ENTDEND
0	ENTC steroid ENTCEND pulse, plasmapheresis, cyclophosphamide and antiplatelet agents. A complete recovery of renal function was achieved in a few weeks. This new case of ENTD RPGN ENTDEND
0	ENTC Penicillamine ENTCEND -induced rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis in a patient with ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND
0	ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND presented rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis (RPGN) after 5 months of D-penicillamine (250 mg/day) treatment. Light microscopy study showed severe glomerulonephritis with crescent formation in 60% of the glomeruli and infiltration of inflammatory cells in the wall of an arteriole. Immunofluorescence revealed scanty granular IgG, IgA and C3 deposits along the capillary walls and mesangium. The patient was treated with steroid pulse, plasmapheresis, ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND presented rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis (RPGN) after 5 months of D-penicillamine (250 mg/day) treatment. Light microscopy study showed severe glomerulonephritis with crescent formation in 60% of the glomeruli and infiltration of inflammatory cells in the wall of an arteriole. Immunofluorescence revealed scanty granular IgG, IgA and C3 deposits along the capillary walls and mesangium. The patient was treated with steroid pulse, plasmapheresis, cyclophosphamide and ENTC antiplatelet agents ENTCEND
0	ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND presented rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis (RPGN) after 5 months of D-penicillamine (250 mg/day) treatment. Light microscopy study showed severe glomerulonephritis with crescent formation in 60% of the glomeruli and infiltration of inflammatory cells in the wall of an arteriole. Immunofluorescence revealed scanty granular IgG, IgA and C3 deposits along the capillary walls and mesangium. The patient was treated with ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND in these patients. The prompt discontinuation of ENTC D-penicillamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND and antiplatelet agents. A complete recovery of renal function was achieved in a few weeks. This new case of RPGN in the course of D-penicillamine treatment emphasizes the need for frequent monitoring of renal function and evaluation of urinary sediment and ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC antiplatelet agents ENTCEND  A complete recovery of renal function was achieved in a few weeks. This new case of RPGN in the course of D-penicillamine treatment emphasizes the need for frequent monitoring of renal function and evaluation of urinary sediment and ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC steroid ENTCEND pulse, plasmapheresis, cyclophosphamide and antiplatelet agents. A complete recovery of renal function was achieved in a few weeks. This new case of RPGN in the course of D-penicillamine treatment emphasizes the need for frequent monitoring of renal function and evaluation of urinary sediment and ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
1	ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND ENTD ARF ENTDEND
0	ENTC P ENTCEND did not prevent gentamicin- ENTD ARF ENTDEND
0	ENTC streptozotocin ENTCEND induced diabetes mellitus (DM) have a high solute diuresis (glycosuria of 10 to 12 g/day), we have suggested that this may in part be responsible for their resistance to gentamicin-induced ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD ARF ENTDEND . The protection from gentamicin nephrotoxicity was studied in non-diabetic rats with chronic solute diuresis induced by blockage of tubular ENTC glucose ENTCEND
0	ENTD tubular necrosis ENTDEND score [maximum 4], zero). In Group II, P did not prevent ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD tubular necrosis ENTDEND score [maximum 4], zero). In Group II, ENTC P ENTCEND
0	ENTC glucose ENTCEND reabsorption with phlorizin (P). DM rats with mild glycosuria (similar in degree to that of the P treated animals) were also studied. Unanesthetized adult female, Sprague-Dawley rats were divided in four groups and studied for 15 days. Group 1 (P alone) received P, 360 mg/day, for 15 days; Group II (P + gentamicin); Group III (gentamicin alone) and Group IV (mild DM + gentamicin). Nephrotoxic doses (40 mg/kg body wt/day) of gentamicin were injected during the last nine days of study to the animals of groups II to IV. In Group I, P induced a moderate and stable glycosuria (3.9 +/- 0.1 g/day, SE), and no functional or morphologic evidence of renal dysfunction (baseline CCr 2.1 +/- 0.1 ml/min, undetectable lysozymuria) or damage ( ENTD tubular necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC Phlorizin ENTCEND -induced glycosuria does not prevent gentamicin ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND  in rats.Because rats with ENTC streptozotocin ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND was studied in non-diabetic rats with chronic solute diuresis induced by blockage of tubular ENTC glucose ENTCEND
0	ENTD glycosuria ENTDEND  does not prevent ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC Phlorizin ENTCEND -induced ENTD glycosuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC streptozotocin ENTCEND induced diabetes mellitus (DM) have a high solute diuresis ( ENTD glycosuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC glucose ENTCEND reabsorption with phlorizin (P). DM rats with mild ENTD glycosuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD DM ENTDEND + ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC P ENTCEND . ENTD DM ENTDEND
1	ENTC streptozotocin ENTCEND induced ENTD diabetes mellitus ENTDEND
0	ENTC glucose ENTCEND reabsorption with phlorizin (P). ENTD DM ENTDEND
0	ENTC FLA-63 ENTCEND  a dopamine-beta-oxidase inhibitor, did not have any effect on the ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC norepinephrine ENTCEND  FLA-63, a dopamine-beta-oxidase inhibitor, did not have any effect on the ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND  bradycardia or reflex-enhancing effect of L-dopa. Pimozide did not affect the actions of L-dopa on blood pressure and heart rate but completely blocked the enhancement of reflexes. Removal of the carotid sinuses caused an elevation blood pressure and heart rate and abolished the negative chronotropic effect of norepinephrine. However, L-dopa restored the bradycardia caused by norepinephrine in addition to decreasing blood pressure and heart rate. ENTC 5-HTP ENTCEND
0	ENTC MAO ENTCEND inhibited dogs. In addition, reflex bradycardia caused by injected norepinephrine was significantly enhanced by L-dopa, DL-Threo-dihydroxyphenylserine had no effect on blood pressure, heart rate or reflex responses to norepinephrine. FLA-63, a dopamine-beta-oxidase inhibitor, did not have any effect on the ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC DL-Threo-dihydroxyphenylserine ENTCEND had no effect on blood pressure, heart rate or reflex responses to norepinephrine. FLA-63, a dopamine-beta-oxidase inhibitor, did not have any effect on the ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND  bradycardia or reflex-enhancing effect of L-dopa. ENTC Pimozide ENTCEND
0	ENTC MK-486 ENTCEND (25 mg/kg i.v.) in anesthetize MAO-inhibited dogs. In addition, reflex bradycardia caused by injected norepinephrine was significantly enhanced by L-dopa, DL-Threo-dihydroxyphenylserine had no effect on blood pressure, heart rate or reflex responses to norepinephrine. FLA-63, a dopamine-beta-oxidase inhibitor, did not have any effect on the ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND  bradycardia or reflex-enhancing effect of ENTC L-dopa ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND beta-oxidase inhibitor, did not have any effect on the ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC FLA-63 ENTCEND  a dopamine-beta-oxidase inhibitor, did not have any effect on the hypotension, ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
1	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND to ENTC norepinephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-HTP ENTCEND (5 mg/kg i.v.) decreased blood pressure and heart rate and decreased the reflex ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC MAO ENTCEND inhibited dogs. In addition, reflex ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND caused by injected norepinephrine was significantly enhanced by L-dopa, ENTC DL-Threo-dihydroxyphenylserine ENTCEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND or reflex-enhancing effect of L-dopa. ENTC Pimozide ENTCEND
0	ENTC MK-486 ENTCEND (25 mg/kg i.v.) in anesthetize MAO-inhibited dogs. In addition, reflex ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND  by ENTC L-dopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND  by L-dopa via central ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD deep venous thrombosis ENTDEND in a 21-year-old white woman are presented. This nulliparous patient presented with relatively mild clinical symptoms and progressing mental status changes. The only known risk factor was "low-dose" ENTC oral contraceptive ENTCEND
0	ENTC tamoxifen ENTCEND  METHODS: The Multiple Outcomes of Raloxifene Evaluation, a multicenter, randomized, double-blind trial, enrolled 7,705 postmenopausal women with ENTD osteoporosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD osteoporosis ENTDEND  Women were randomly assigned to ENTC raloxifene ENTCEND
0	ENTC estrogen ENTCEND therapy or tamoxifen. METHODS: The Multiple Outcomes of Raloxifene Evaluation, a multicenter, randomized, double-blind trial, enrolled 7,705 postmenopausal women with ENTD osteoporosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC tamoxifen ENTCEND  METHODS: The Multiple Outcomes of Raloxifene Evaluation, a multicenter, randomized, double-blind trial, enrolled 7,705 postmenopausal women with osteoporosis. Women were randomly assigned to raloxifene 60 mg/d or 120 mg/d or placebo. Outcomes included ENTD venous thromboembolism ENTDEND
1	ENTC raloxifene ENTCEND was associated with an increased risk for ENTD venous thromboembolism ENTDEND
0	ENTC estrogen ENTCEND therapy or tamoxifen. METHODS: The Multiple Outcomes of Raloxifene Evaluation, a multicenter, randomized, double-blind trial, enrolled 7,705 postmenopausal women with osteoporosis. Women were randomly assigned to raloxifene 60 mg/d or 120 mg/d or placebo. Outcomes included ENTD venous thromboembolism ENTDEND
0	ENTC tamoxifen ENTCEND  METHODS: The Multiple Outcomes of Raloxifene Evaluation, a multicenter, randomized, double-blind trial, enrolled 7,705 postmenopausal women with osteoporosis. Women were randomly assigned to raloxifene 60 mg/d or 120 mg/d or placebo. Outcomes included venous thromboembolism, cataracts, gallbladder disease, and ENTD endometrial hyperplasia or cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTD endometrial hyperplasia or cancer ENTDEND  RESULTS: During a mean follow-up of 3.3 years, ENTC raloxifene ENTCEND
0	ENTC estrogen ENTCEND therapy or tamoxifen. METHODS: The Multiple Outcomes of Raloxifene Evaluation, a multicenter, randomized, double-blind trial, enrolled 7,705 postmenopausal women with osteoporosis. Women were randomly assigned to raloxifene 60 mg/d or 120 mg/d or placebo. Outcomes included venous thromboembolism, cataracts, gallbladder disease, and ENTD endometrial hyperplasia or cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTC tamoxifen ENTCEND  METHODS: The Multiple Outcomes of Raloxifene Evaluation, a multicenter, randomized, double-blind trial, enrolled 7,705 postmenopausal women with osteoporosis. Women were randomly assigned to raloxifene 60 mg/d or 120 mg/d or placebo. Outcomes included venous thromboembolism, ENTD cataracts ENTDEND
0	ENTC Raloxifene ENTCEND did not increase risk for ENTD cataracts ENTDEND
0	ENTC estrogen ENTCEND therapy or tamoxifen. METHODS: The Multiple Outcomes of Raloxifene Evaluation, a multicenter, randomized, double-blind trial, enrolled 7,705 postmenopausal women with osteoporosis. Women were randomly assigned to raloxifene 60 mg/d or 120 mg/d or placebo. Outcomes included venous thromboembolism, ENTD cataracts ENTDEND
0	ENTC tamoxifen ENTCEND  METHODS: The Multiple Outcomes of Raloxifene Evaluation, a multicenter, randomized, double-blind trial, enrolled 7,705 postmenopausal women with osteoporosis. Women were randomly assigned to raloxifene 60 mg/d or 120 mg/d or placebo. Outcomes included venous thromboembolism, cataracts, gallbladder disease, and ENTD endometrial hyperplasia or cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTD endometrial cancer ENTDEND (RR 0.9; 95% CI 0.3-2.7). CONCLUSION: ENTC Raloxifene ENTCEND
0	ENTC estrogen ENTCEND therapy or tamoxifen. METHODS: The Multiple Outcomes of Raloxifene Evaluation, a multicenter, randomized, double-blind trial, enrolled 7,705 postmenopausal women with osteoporosis. Women were randomly assigned to raloxifene 60 mg/d or 120 mg/d or placebo. Outcomes included venous thromboembolism, cataracts, gallbladder disease, and ENTD endometrial hyperplasia or cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTC tamoxifen ENTCEND  METHODS: The Multiple Outcomes of Raloxifene Evaluation, a multicenter, randomized, double-blind trial, enrolled 7,705 postmenopausal women with osteoporosis. Women were randomly assigned to raloxifene 60 mg/d or 120 mg/d or placebo. Outcomes included venous thromboembolism, cataracts, ENTD gallbladder disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC Raloxifene ENTCEND did not increase risk for cataracts (RR 0.9; 95% CI 0.8-1.1), ENTD gallbladder disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC estrogen ENTCEND therapy or tamoxifen. METHODS: The Multiple Outcomes of Raloxifene Evaluation, a multicenter, randomized, double-blind trial, enrolled 7,705 postmenopausal women with osteoporosis. Women were randomly assigned to raloxifene 60 mg/d or 120 mg/d or placebo. Outcomes included venous thromboembolism, cataracts, ENTD gallbladder disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND  and the counteraction by co-administration with local anesthetics.Alterations of ENTC norepinephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND or tricaine with desipramine reversed this effect. Daily treatment of cocaine increased [(3)H]norepinephrine uptake into the hippocampus. Daily administration of desipramine increased the incidence of appearance of lidocaine-induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
1	ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND  Inhibition of ENTC Na ENTCEND
1	ENTD seizures ENTDEND induce by ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC desipramine ENTCEND reversed the changes of ENTD convulsive ENTDEND
0	ENTC tricaine ENTCEND with desipramine reversed this effect. Daily treatment of cocaine increased [(3)H]norepinephrine uptake into the hippocampus. Daily administration of desipramine increased the incidence of appearance of lidocaine-induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTC pentobarbital ENTCEND in the event of sedation failure with dexmedetomidine alone and decreased the mean recovery time by 10 min (P < 0.001). Although dexmedetomidine sedation was associated with a 16% incidence of ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND  all concomitant mean arterial blood pressures were within 20% of age-adjusted normal range and ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
1	ENTC dexmedetomidine ENTCEND sedation was associated with a 16% incidence of ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC mexiletine ENTCEND  and placebo antiarrhythmic coronary trial: I. Report on ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Mexitil-Perlongets ENTCEND  were evaluated in a double-blind placebo trial in 630 patients with recent documented ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTD deaths ENTDEND in the ENTC mexiletine ENTCEND
1	ENTD gastrointestinal problems ENTDEND  were more frequent in the ENTC mexiletine ENTCEND
1	ENTD tremor ENTDEND and gastrointestinal problems, were more frequent in the ENTC mexiletine ENTCEND
1	ENTC gentamicin ENTCEND  Thus, aminoglycosides may act as nephrotoxicants at glomerular and/or tubular level inducing ENTD impairment of renal reabsorption ENTDEND
0	ENTD Nephrotoxic ENTDEND  effects of aminoglycoside treatment on renal protein reabsorption and accumulation.To quantify the effects of gentamicin, kanamycin and ENTC netilmicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD Nephrotoxic ENTDEND  effects of aminoglycoside treatment on renal protein reabsorption and accumulation.To quantify the effects of gentamicin, kanamycin and netilmicin on renal protein reabsorption and accumulation, these drugs were administered to rats intraperitoneally (30 mg/kg/day) for 7, 14 or 21 days. Scanning electron microscopy of the glomerular endothelia, urinary measurements of ENTC sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTD Nephrotoxic ENTDEND  effects of aminoglycoside treatment on renal protein reabsorption and accumulation.To quantify the effects of gentamicin, kanamycin and netilmicin on renal protein reabsorption and accumulation, these drugs were administered to rats intraperitoneally (30 mg/kg/day) for 7, 14 or 21 days. Scanning electron microscopy of the glomerular endothelia, urinary measurements of sodium, ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTD Nephrotoxic ENTDEND  effects of ENTC aminoglycoside ENTCEND
1	ENTC kanamycin ENTCEND and gentamicin. Thus, aminoglycosides may act as nephrotoxicants at glomerular and/or tubular level inducing ENTD impairment of renal reabsorption ENTDEND
0	ENTC lithium ENTCEND induced ENTD cardiac malformations ENTDEND
1	ENTC lithium ENTCEND  and neonatal ENTD Ebstein's anomaly ENTDEND
0	ENTC adenosine A2A/A1 receptor antagonist ENTCEND  in animal models of ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND including mouse and rat models of haloperidol-induced catalepsy, mouse model of reserpine-induced akinesia, rat 6-hydroxydopamine (6-OHDA) lesion model of drug-induced rotation, and ENTC MPTP ENTCEND
0	ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND including mouse and rat models of ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND
0	ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND including mouse and rat models of haloperidol-induced catalepsy, mouse model of ENTC reserpine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND including mouse and rat models of haloperidol-induced catalepsy, mouse model of reserpine-induced akinesia, rat ENTC 6-hydroxydopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC adenosine A(2A)/A(1) receptor antagonist ENTCEND in several animal models of Parkinson's disease is described. Discovery and scale-up syntheses of compound 1 are described in detail, highlighting optimization steps that increased the overall yield of 1 from 10.0% to 30.5%. Compound 1 is a potent A(2A)/A(1) receptor antagonist in vitro (A(2A) K(i) = 4.1 nM; A(1) K(i) = 17.0 nM) that has excellent activity, after oral administration, across a number of animal models of Parkinson's disease including mouse and rat models of haloperidol-induced catalepsy, mouse model of reserpine-induced ENTD akinesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD akinesia ENTDEND  rat 6-hydroxydopamine (6-OHDA) lesion model of drug-induced rotation, and ENTC MPTP ENTCEND
0	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND induced catalepsy, mouse model of reserpine-induced ENTD akinesia ENTDEND
1	ENTC reserpine ENTCEND induced ENTD akinesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD akinesia ENTDEND  rat ENTC 6-hydroxydopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC adenosine A(2A)/A(1) receptor antagonist ENTCEND in several animal models of Parkinson's disease is described. Discovery and scale-up syntheses of compound 1 are described in detail, highlighting optimization steps that increased the overall yield of 1 from 10.0% to 30.5%. Compound 1 is a potent A(2A)/A(1) receptor antagonist in vitro (A(2A) K(i) = 4.1 nM; A(1) K(i) = 17.0 nM) that has excellent activity, after oral administration, across a number of animal models of Parkinson's disease including mouse and rat models of haloperidol-induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND  mouse model of reserpine-induced akinesia, rat 6-hydroxydopamine (6-OHDA) lesion model of drug-induced rotation, and ENTC MPTP ENTCEND
1	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND  mouse model of ENTC reserpine ENTCEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND  mouse model of reserpine-induced akinesia, rat ENTC 6-hydroxydopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC VNB ENTCEND was well tolerated and zero instances of WHO grade 4 nonhematologic toxicity occurred. At least one episode of grade 3 or 4 granulocytopenia was seen in 59% of patients. A grade 2 or 3 ENTD infection ENTDEND
0	ENTD deaths ENTDEND occurred. Other side effects were rare, and peripheral neurotoxicity has been minor (26% grade 1). CONCLUSION: These data indicate that ENTC VNB ENTCEND
0	ENTC vinorelbine ENTCEND  in metastatic ENTD squamous cell esophageal carcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD squamous cell esophageal carcinoma ENTDEND  PATIENTS AND METHODS: Forty-six eligible patients with measurable lesions were included and were stratified according to previous chemotherapy. Thirty patients without prior chemotherapy and 16 pretreated with ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD Cancer ENTDEND  Cooperative Group.PURPOSE: To evaluate the response rate and toxic effects of ENTC vinorelbine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Cancer ENTDEND  Cooperative Group.PURPOSE: To evaluate the response rate and toxic effects of vinorelbine (VNB) administered as a single agent in metastatic squamous cell esophageal carcinoma. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Forty-six eligible patients with measurable lesions were included and were stratified according to previous chemotherapy. Thirty patients without prior chemotherapy and 16 pretreated with ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
1	ENTD peripheral neurotoxicity ENTDEND has been minor (26% grade 1). CONCLUSION: These data indicate that ENTC VNB ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND and response. ENTC VNB ENTCEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND based chemotherapy were assessable for ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC VNB ENTCEND was well tolerated and zero instances of WHO grade 4 nonhematologic toxicity occurred. At least one episode of grade 3 or 4 ENTD granulocytopenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD acute myocardial infarction ENTDEND . ENTC Nitroglycerin ENTCEND
0	ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND therapy. Ten patients with acute transmural ENTD myocardial infarctions ENTDEND
1	ENTC nitroglycerin ENTCEND induced ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND  Our study was designed to determine the effects of combined nitroglycerin and ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTD PD ENTDEND  is still unclear. The therapeutic use of selective DA D1 receptor agonists such as SKF-82958 (6-chloro-7,8-dihydroxy-3-allyl-1-phenyl-2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-1H-3-benzaze pine hydrobromide) and A-77636 ([1R, 3S] 3-[1'-admantyl]-1-aminomethyl-3,4-dihydro-5,6-dihydroxy-1H-2-benzo pyran hydrochloride) seems limited because of their duration of action, which is too short for SKF-82958 (< 1 hr) and too long for A-77636 (> 20 hr, leading to behavioral tolerance). We therefore conducted the present acute dose-response study in four ENTC 1-methyl-4-phenyl-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridine ENTCEND
0	ENTD PD ENTDEND  is still unclear. The therapeutic use of selective DA D1 receptor agonists such as SKF-82958 (6-chloro-7,8-dihydroxy-3-allyl-1-phenyl-2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-1H-3-benzaze pine hydrobromide) and ENTC A-77636 ENTCEND
0	ENTC LY-171555 ENTCEND or subsequent challenge of levodopa. Selective stimulation of the DA D1 receptor may provide better integration of neural inputs transmitted to the internal segment of the globus pallidus (referred to as the basal ganglia output) compared with levodopa and selective DA D2 receptor agonist. Potent DA D1 receptor agents with an intermediate duration of efficacy such as A-86929 (approximately 4 hr at higher doses tested) are potential therapeutic tools in ENTD PD ENTDEND
0	ENTD PD ENTDEND  is still unclear. The therapeutic use of selective DA D1 receptor agonists such as ENTC SKF-82958 ENTCEND
0	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND -primed monkeys.The clinical utility of dopamine (DA) D1 receptor agonists in the treatment of ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC DA ENTCEND  D1 receptor agonists in the treatment of ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC A-86929 ENTCEND (approximately 4 hr at higher doses tested) are potential therapeutic tools in ENTD PD ENTDEND
0	ENTC MPTP ENTCEND -exposed cynomolgus monkeys primed to exhibit levodopa-induced ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND
0	ENTC A-77636 ENTCEND (> 20 hr, leading to behavioral tolerance). We therefore conducted the present acute dose-response study in four 1-methyl-4-phenyl-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridine (MPTP)-exposed cynomolgus monkeys primed to exhibit levodopa-induced ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND
0	ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND in these animals than with either ENTC LY-171555 ENTCEND
0	ENTC SKF-82958 ENTCEND (< 1 hr) and too long for A-77636 (> 20 hr, leading to behavioral tolerance). We therefore conducted the present acute dose-response study in four 1-methyl-4-phenyl-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridine (MPTP)-exposed cynomolgus monkeys primed to exhibit levodopa-induced ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND
1	ENTC levodopa ENTCEND induced ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND
0	ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND in these animals than with either LY-171555 or subsequent challenge of levodopa. Selective stimulation of the ENTC DA ENTCEND
0	ENTD dyskinetic ENTDEND effects on challenge with four doses (from 0.03 to 1.0 mg/kg) of ENTC A-86929 ENTCEND
1	ENTC MPTP ENTCEND induced ENTD parkinsonism ENTDEND
0	ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND  levodopa-primed monkeys.The clinical utility of dopamine (DA) D1 receptor agonists in the treatment of Parkinson's disease (PD) is still unclear. The therapeutic use of selective DA D1 receptor agonists such as SKF-82958 (6-chloro-7,8-dihydroxy-3-allyl-1-phenyl-2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-1H-3-benzaze pine hydrobromide) and ENTC A-77636 ENTCEND
0	ENTD parkinsonism ENTDEND as levodopa and ENTC LY-171555 ENTCEND
0	ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND  levodopa-primed monkeys.The clinical utility of dopamine (DA) D1 receptor agonists in the treatment of Parkinson's disease (PD) is still unclear. The therapeutic use of selective DA D1 receptor agonists such as ENTC SKF-82958 ENTCEND
0	ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND ENTC levodopa ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND  D1 receptor agonist, A-86929: an acute study in ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND
0	ENTC A-86929 ENTCEND : an acute study in ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  hyperlipidemia, and depression. Reported medications included bumetanide, pravastatin, and ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  hyperlipidemia, and depression. Reported medications included bumetanide, ENTC pravastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  hyperlipidemia, and depression. Reported medications included bumetanide, pravastatin, and paroxetine. Thirty minutes from the start of the procedure, the donor noted tingling around the mouth, hands, and feet. She then very rapidly developed acute onset of severe facial and extremity tetany. Empirical treatment with intravenous ENTC calcium gluconate ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  hyperlipidemia, and depression. Reported medications included bumetanide, pravastatin, and paroxetine. Thirty minutes from the start of the procedure, the donor noted tingling around the mouth, hands, and feet. She then very rapidly developed acute onset of severe facial and extremity tetany. Empirical treatment with intravenous calcium gluconate was initiated, and muscle contractions slowly subsided over approximately 10 to 15 minutes. The events are consistent with a severe reaction to ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  hyperlipidemia, and depression. Reported medications included ENTC bumetanide ENTCEND
0	ENTC citrate ENTCEND toxicity during volunteer donor apheresis platelet collection. The donor was a 40-year-old female, first-time apheresis platelet donor. Past medical history was remarkable for ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND  Thirty minutes from the start of the procedure, the donor noted tingling around the mouth, hands, and feet. She then very rapidly developed acute onset of severe facial and extremity tetany. Empirical treatment with intravenous calcium gluconate was initiated, and muscle contractions slowly subsided over approximately 10 to 15 minutes. The events are consistent with a severe reaction to calcium chelation by sodium citrate anticoagulant resulting in symptomatic systemic ENTD hypocalcemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC pravastatin ENTCEND  and paroxetine. Thirty minutes from the start of the procedure, the donor noted tingling around the mouth, hands, and feet. She then very rapidly developed acute onset of severe facial and extremity tetany. Empirical treatment with intravenous calcium gluconate was initiated, and muscle contractions slowly subsided over approximately 10 to 15 minutes. The events are consistent with a severe reaction to calcium chelation by sodium citrate anticoagulant resulting in symptomatic systemic ENTD hypocalcemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC calcium gluconate ENTCEND was initiated, and muscle contractions slowly subsided over approximately 10 to 15 minutes. The events are consistent with a severe reaction to calcium chelation by sodium citrate anticoagulant resulting in symptomatic systemic ENTD hypocalcemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND chelation by sodium citrate anticoagulant resulting in symptomatic systemic ENTD hypocalcemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC bumetanide ENTCEND is a loop diuretic that may cause significant ENTD hypocalcemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC sodium citrate ENTCEND anticoagulant resulting in symptomatic systemic ENTD hypocalcemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC loop diuretic ENTCEND that may cause significant ENTD hypocalcemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND  Thirty minutes from the start of the procedure, the donor noted tingling around the mouth, hands, and feet. She then very rapidly developed acute onset of severe facial and extremity ENTD tetany ENTDEND
0	ENTC pravastatin ENTCEND  and paroxetine. Thirty minutes from the start of the procedure, the donor noted tingling around the mouth, hands, and feet. She then very rapidly developed acute onset of severe facial and extremity ENTD tetany ENTDEND
0	ENTD tetany ENTDEND  Empirical treatment with intravenous ENTC calcium gluconate ENTCEND
0	ENTD tetany ENTDEND  Empirical treatment with intravenous calcium gluconate was initiated, and muscle contractions slowly subsided over approximately 10 to 15 minutes. The events are consistent with a severe reaction to ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC bumetanide ENTCEND  pravastatin, and paroxetine. Thirty minutes from the start of the procedure, the donor noted tingling around the mouth, hands, and feet. She then very rapidly developed acute onset of severe facial and extremity ENTD tetany ENTDEND
0	ENTD tetany ENTDEND  Empirical treatment with intravenous calcium gluconate was initiated, and muscle contractions slowly subsided over approximately 10 to 15 minutes. The events are consistent with a severe reaction to calcium chelation by ENTC sodium citrate ENTCEND
0	ENTD tetany ENTDEND  Empirical treatment with intravenous calcium gluconate was initiated, and muscle contractions slowly subsided over approximately 10 to 15 minutes. The events are consistent with a severe reaction to calcium chelation by sodium citrate anticoagulant resulting in symptomatic systemic hypocalcemia. Upon additional retrospective analysis, it was noted that bumetanide is a ENTC loop diuretic ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND during volunteer donor apheresis platelet collection. The donor was a 40-year-old female, first-time apheresis platelet donor. Past medical history was remarkable for hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and depression. Reported medications included bumetanide, pravastatin, and ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND during volunteer donor apheresis platelet collection. The donor was a 40-year-old female, first-time apheresis platelet donor. Past medical history was remarkable for hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and depression. Reported medications included bumetanide, ENTC pravastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  Laboratory measurement of pre-procedure serum ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC bumetanide ENTCEND is a loop diuretic that may cause significant hypocalcemia. We conclude that careful screening for medications and underlying conditions predisposing to hypocalcemia is recommended to help prevent severe reactions due to citrate ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC citrate ENTCEND ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC loop diuretic ENTCEND that may cause significant hypocalcemia. We conclude that careful screening for medications and underlying conditions predisposing to hypocalcemia is recommended to help prevent severe reactions due to citrate ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperlipidemia ENTDEND  and depression. Reported medications included bumetanide, pravastatin, and ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperlipidemia ENTDEND  and depression. Reported medications included bumetanide, ENTC pravastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperlipidemia ENTDEND  and depression. Reported medications included bumetanide, pravastatin, and paroxetine. Thirty minutes from the start of the procedure, the donor noted tingling around the mouth, hands, and feet. She then very rapidly developed acute onset of severe facial and extremity tetany. Empirical treatment with intravenous ENTC calcium gluconate ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperlipidemia ENTDEND  and depression. Reported medications included bumetanide, pravastatin, and paroxetine. Thirty minutes from the start of the procedure, the donor noted tingling around the mouth, hands, and feet. She then very rapidly developed acute onset of severe facial and extremity tetany. Empirical treatment with intravenous calcium gluconate was initiated, and muscle contractions slowly subsided over approximately 10 to 15 minutes. The events are consistent with a severe reaction to ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperlipidemia ENTDEND  and depression. Reported medications included ENTC bumetanide ENTCEND
0	ENTC citrate ENTCEND toxicity during volunteer donor apheresis platelet collection. The donor was a 40-year-old female, first-time apheresis platelet donor. Past medical history was remarkable for hypertension, ENTD hyperlipidemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND  Thirty minutes from the start of the procedure, the donor noted tingling around the mouth, hands, and feet. She then very rapidly developed acute onset of severe facial and extremity tetany. Empirical treatment with intravenous calcium gluconate was initiated, and ENTD muscle contractions ENTDEND
0	ENTC pravastatin ENTCEND  and paroxetine. Thirty minutes from the start of the procedure, the donor noted tingling around the mouth, hands, and feet. She then very rapidly developed acute onset of severe facial and extremity tetany. Empirical treatment with intravenous calcium gluconate was initiated, and ENTD muscle contractions ENTDEND
0	ENTC calcium gluconate ENTCEND was initiated, and ENTD muscle contractions ENTDEND
0	ENTD muscle contractions ENTDEND slowly subsided over approximately 10 to 15 minutes. The events are consistent with a severe reaction to ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD muscle contractions ENTDEND slowly subsided over approximately 10 to 15 minutes. The events are consistent with a severe reaction to calcium chelation by sodium citrate anticoagulant resulting in symptomatic systemic hypocalcemia. Upon additional retrospective analysis, it was noted that ENTC bumetanide ENTCEND
0	ENTD muscle contractions ENTDEND slowly subsided over approximately 10 to 15 minutes. The events are consistent with a severe reaction to calcium chelation by ENTC sodium citrate ENTCEND
0	ENTD muscle contractions ENTDEND slowly subsided over approximately 10 to 15 minutes. The events are consistent with a severe reaction to calcium chelation by sodium citrate anticoagulant resulting in symptomatic systemic hypocalcemia. Upon additional retrospective analysis, it was noted that bumetanide is a ENTC loop diuretic ENTCEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND  Reported medications included bumetanide, pravastatin, and ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND  Reported medications included bumetanide, ENTC pravastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND  Reported medications included bumetanide, pravastatin, and paroxetine. Thirty minutes from the start of the procedure, the donor noted tingling around the mouth, hands, and feet. She then very rapidly developed acute onset of severe facial and extremity tetany. Empirical treatment with intravenous ENTC calcium gluconate ENTCEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND  Reported medications included bumetanide, pravastatin, and paroxetine. Thirty minutes from the start of the procedure, the donor noted tingling around the mouth, hands, and feet. She then very rapidly developed acute onset of severe facial and extremity tetany. Empirical treatment with intravenous calcium gluconate was initiated, and muscle contractions slowly subsided over approximately 10 to 15 minutes. The events are consistent with a severe reaction to ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND  Reported medications included ENTC bumetanide ENTCEND
0	ENTC citrate ENTCEND toxicity during volunteer donor apheresis platelet collection. The donor was a 40-year-old female, first-time apheresis platelet donor. Past medical history was remarkable for hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and ENTD depression ENTDEND
1	ENTD cholestatic hepatitis ENTDEND  after exposure to ENTC isoflurane ENTCEND
0	ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND  No other medications were involved except for dipyrone for analgesia. The alanine aminotransferase was elevated to a peak concentration of 1533 U/L and the serum ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND  No other medications were involved except for ENTC dipyrone ENTCEND
0	ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND  No other medications were involved except for dipyrone for analgesia. The ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTC isoflurane ENTCEND  CASE SUMMARY: A 70-year-old healthy woman from Iraq developed acute cholestatic hepatitis 3 weeks following repair of the right rotator cuff under general anesthesia. There was no evidence for viral, autoimmune, or metabolic causes of hepatitis. No other medications were involved except for dipyrone for ENTD analgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD analgesia ENTDEND  The alanine aminotransferase was elevated to a peak concentration of 1533 U/L and the serum ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTC dipyrone ENTCEND for ENTD analgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD analgesia ENTDEND  The ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD halothane hepatitis ENTDEND  which has a significant mortality rate. CONCLUSIONS: ENTC Isoflurane ENTCEND
0	ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND reached a peak of 17.0 mg/dL. There was slow improvement over 4 months. Accidental reexposure by the patient to dipyrone was uneventful. DISCUSSION: The clinical and histologic picture of this case resembles ENTD halothane hepatitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC dipyrone ENTCEND was uneventful. DISCUSSION: The clinical and histologic picture of this case resembles ENTD halothane hepatitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC alanine ENTCEND aminotransferase was elevated to a peak concentration of 1533 U/L and the serum bilirubin reached a peak of 17.0 mg/dL. There was slow improvement over 4 months. Accidental reexposure by the patient to dipyrone was uneventful. DISCUSSION: The clinical and histologic picture of this case resembles ENTD halothane hepatitis ENTDEND
1	ENTD cholestatic hepatitis ENTDEND  after exposure to ENTC isoflurane ENTCEND
0	ENTD cholestatic hepatitis ENTDEND 3 weeks following repair of the right rotator cuff under general anesthesia. There was no evidence for viral, autoimmune, or metabolic causes of hepatitis. No other medications were involved except for dipyrone for analgesia. The alanine aminotransferase was elevated to a peak concentration of 1533 U/L and the serum ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTD cholestatic hepatitis ENTDEND 3 weeks following repair of the right rotator cuff under general anesthesia. There was no evidence for viral, autoimmune, or metabolic causes of hepatitis. No other medications were involved except for ENTC dipyrone ENTCEND
0	ENTD cholestatic hepatitis ENTDEND 3 weeks following repair of the right rotator cuff under general anesthesia. There was no evidence for viral, autoimmune, or metabolic causes of hepatitis. No other medications were involved except for dipyrone for analgesia. The ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND  converting enzyme inhibitor for chronic ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND who developed hypotension following the addition of ENTC tizanidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC lisinopril ENTCEND  an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor, to control ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD disorders of the central nervous system ENTDEND  In addition to their effects on spasticity, certain adverse cardiorespiratory effects have been reported. Adults chronically treated with ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTC tizanidine ENTCEND  in a patient treated with an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor for chronic hypertension.Centrally acting alpha-2 adrenergic agonists are one of several pharmacologic agents used in the treatment of spasticity related to ENTD disorders of the central nervous system ENTDEND
0	ENTD disorders of the central nervous system ENTDEND  In addition to their effects on spasticity, certain adverse cardiorespiratory effects have been reported. Adults chronically treated with angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors may have a limited ability to respond to hypotension when the sympathetic response is simultaneously blocked. The authors present a 10-year-old boy chronically treated with ENTC lisinopril ENTCEND
0	ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND converting enzyme inhibitor, to control hypertension who developed ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
1	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND following the addition of ENTC tizanidine ENTCEND
1	ENTC lisinopril ENTCEND  an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor, to control hypertension who developed ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD spasticity ENTDEND  certain adverse cardiorespiratory effects have been reported. Adults chronically treated with ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTD spasticity ENTDEND  The possible interaction of ENTC tizanidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC lisinopril ENTCEND  an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor, to control hypertension who developed hypotension following the addition of tizanidine, an alpha-2 agonist, for the treatment of ENTD spasticity ENTDEND
0	ENTC suprofen ENTCEND exposed control subjects who did not have the syndrome. Case patients were more likely to be men (odds ratio, 3.8; 95% confidence interval, 1.2-12.1), suffer from hay fever and asthma (odds ratio, 3.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.0-11.9); to participate in regular exercise (odds ratio, 5.9; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-30.7), especially in the use of Nautilus equipment (p = 0.02); and to use alcohol (odds ratio, 4.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-17.5). Possible risk factors included young age, concurrent use of other analgesic agents (especially ibuprofen), preexisting ENTD renal disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC ibuprofen ENTCEND , preexisting ENTD renal disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal disease ENTDEND  a history of kidney stones, a history of gout, a recent increase in activity, a recent increase in sun exposure, and residence in the Sunbelt. These were findings that were suggestive but did not reach conventional statistical significance. These findings are consistent with the postulated mechanism for this unusual syndrome: acute diffuse crystallization of ENTC uric acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND (odds ratio, 4.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-17.5). Possible risk factors included young age, concurrent use of other analgesic agents (especially ibuprofen), preexisting ENTD renal disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC suprofen ENTCEND exposed control subjects who did not have the syndrome. Case patients were more likely to be men (odds ratio, 3.8; 95% confidence interval, 1.2-12.1), suffer from hay fever and ENTD asthma ENTDEND
0	ENTD asthma ENTDEND (odds ratio, 3.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.0-11.9); to participate in regular exercise (odds ratio, 5.9; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-30.7), especially in the use of Nautilus equipment (p = 0.02); and to use alcohol (odds ratio, 4.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-17.5). Possible risk factors included young age, concurrent use of other analgesic agents (especially ENTC ibuprofen ENTCEND
0	ENTD asthma ENTDEND (odds ratio, 3.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.0-11.9); to participate in regular exercise (odds ratio, 5.9; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-30.7), especially in the use of Nautilus equipment (p = 0.02); and to use alcohol (odds ratio, 4.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-17.5). Possible risk factors included young age, concurrent use of other analgesic agents (especially ibuprofen), preexisting renal disease, a history of kidney stones, a history of gout, a recent increase in activity, a recent increase in sun exposure, and residence in the Sunbelt. These were findings that were suggestive but did not reach conventional statistical significance. These findings are consistent with the postulated mechanism for this unusual syndrome: acute diffuse crystallization of ENTC uric acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD asthma ENTDEND (odds ratio, 3.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.0-11.9); to participate in regular exercise (odds ratio, 5.9; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-30.7), especially in the use of Nautilus equipment (p = 0.02); and to use ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTC suprofen ENTCEND exposed control subjects who did not have the syndrome. Case patients were more likely to be men (odds ratio, 3.8; 95% confidence interval, 1.2-12.1), suffer from ENTD hay fever ENTDEND
0	ENTD hay fever ENTDEND and asthma (odds ratio, 3.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.0-11.9); to participate in regular exercise (odds ratio, 5.9; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-30.7), especially in the use of Nautilus equipment (p = 0.02); and to use alcohol (odds ratio, 4.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-17.5). Possible risk factors included young age, concurrent use of other analgesic agents (especially ENTC ibuprofen ENTCEND
0	ENTD hay fever ENTDEND and asthma (odds ratio, 3.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.0-11.9); to participate in regular exercise (odds ratio, 5.9; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-30.7), especially in the use of Nautilus equipment (p = 0.02); and to use alcohol (odds ratio, 4.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-17.5). Possible risk factors included young age, concurrent use of other analgesic agents (especially ibuprofen), preexisting renal disease, a history of kidney stones, a history of gout, a recent increase in activity, a recent increase in sun exposure, and residence in the Sunbelt. These were findings that were suggestive but did not reach conventional statistical significance. These findings are consistent with the postulated mechanism for this unusual syndrome: acute diffuse crystallization of ENTC uric acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD hay fever ENTDEND and asthma (odds ratio, 3.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.0-11.9); to participate in regular exercise (odds ratio, 5.9; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-30.7), especially in the use of Nautilus equipment (p = 0.02); and to use ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTC suprofen ENTCEND exposed control subjects who did not have the syndrome. Case patients were more likely to be men (odds ratio, 3.8; 95% confidence interval, 1.2-12.1), suffer from hay fever and asthma (odds ratio, 3.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.0-11.9); to participate in regular exercise (odds ratio, 5.9; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-30.7), especially in the use of Nautilus equipment (p = 0.02); and to use alcohol (odds ratio, 4.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-17.5). Possible risk factors included young age, concurrent use of other analgesic agents (especially ibuprofen), preexisting renal disease, a history of kidney stones, a history of ENTD gout ENTDEND
0	ENTC ibuprofen ENTCEND , preexisting renal disease, a history of kidney stones, a history of ENTD gout ENTDEND
0	ENTD gout ENTDEND  a recent increase in activity, a recent increase in sun exposure, and residence in the Sunbelt. These were findings that were suggestive but did not reach conventional statistical significance. These findings are consistent with the postulated mechanism for this unusual syndrome: acute diffuse crystallization of ENTC uric acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND (odds ratio, 4.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-17.5). Possible risk factors included young age, concurrent use of other analgesic agents (especially ibuprofen), preexisting renal disease, a history of kidney stones, a history of ENTD gout ENTDEND
0	ENTC suprofen ENTCEND exposed control subjects who did not have the syndrome. Case patients were more likely to be men (odds ratio, 3.8; 95% confidence interval, 1.2-12.1), suffer from hay fever and asthma (odds ratio, 3.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.0-11.9); to participate in regular exercise (odds ratio, 5.9; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-30.7), especially in the use of Nautilus equipment (p = 0.02); and to use alcohol (odds ratio, 4.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-17.5). Possible risk factors included young age, concurrent use of other analgesic agents (especially ibuprofen), preexisting renal disease, a history of ENTD kidney stones ENTDEND
0	ENTC ibuprofen ENTCEND , preexisting renal disease, a history of ENTD kidney stones ENTDEND
0	ENTD kidney stones ENTDEND  a history of gout, a recent increase in activity, a recent increase in sun exposure, and residence in the Sunbelt. These were findings that were suggestive but did not reach conventional statistical significance. These findings are consistent with the postulated mechanism for this unusual syndrome: acute diffuse crystallization of ENTC uric acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND (odds ratio, 4.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-17.5). Possible risk factors included young age, concurrent use of other analgesic agents (especially ibuprofen), preexisting renal disease, a history of ENTD kidney stones ENTDEND
1	ENTD flank pain ENTDEND  syndrome from ENTC suprofen ENTCEND
0	ENTD flank pain ENTDEND syndrome to the spontaneous reporting system, 700,000 persons used the drug in the United States. Through August 1986, a total of 163 cases of this syndrome were reported. To elucidate the epidemiology of the syndrome, a case-control study was performed, comparing 62 of the case patients who had been reported to the spontaneous reporting system to 185 suprofen-exposed control subjects who did not have the syndrome. Case patients were more likely to be men (odds ratio, 3.8; 95% confidence interval, 1.2-12.1), suffer from hay fever and asthma (odds ratio, 3.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.0-11.9); to participate in regular exercise (odds ratio, 5.9; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-30.7), especially in the use of Nautilus equipment (p = 0.02); and to use alcohol (odds ratio, 4.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-17.5). Possible risk factors included young age, concurrent use of other analgesic agents (especially ENTC ibuprofen ENTCEND
0	ENTD flank pain ENTDEND syndrome to the spontaneous reporting system, 700,000 persons used the drug in the United States. Through August 1986, a total of 163 cases of this syndrome were reported. To elucidate the epidemiology of the syndrome, a case-control study was performed, comparing 62 of the case patients who had been reported to the spontaneous reporting system to 185 suprofen-exposed control subjects who did not have the syndrome. Case patients were more likely to be men (odds ratio, 3.8; 95% confidence interval, 1.2-12.1), suffer from hay fever and asthma (odds ratio, 3.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.0-11.9); to participate in regular exercise (odds ratio, 5.9; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-30.7), especially in the use of Nautilus equipment (p = 0.02); and to use ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTD Liver injuries ENTDEND were quantified as serum activities of glutamate-oxaloacetate transaminase (GOT) and glutamate- ENTC pyruvate ENTCEND
1	ENTC AAP ENTCEND ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC poly(ADP-ribose) ENTCEND polymerase (PARP; EC 2.4.2.30) on mice suffering from acetaminophen (AAP)- ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC NAD ENTCEND -precursors on acetaminophen ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND and its exacerbation by ENTC ethanol ENTCEND
0	ENTD Liver injuries ENTDEND were quantified as serum activities of glutamate- ENTC oxaloacetate ENTCEND
0	ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND was observed, when ENTC NAA ENTCEND
0	ENTD Liver injuries ENTDEND were quantified as serum activities of ENTC glutamate ENTCEND
0	ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND : a PET study.Using a positron emission tomography (PET) study it was shown recently that in migraine without aura certain areas in the brain stem were activated during the ENTD headache ENTDEND
1	ENTD pain ENTDEND  elicited by ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD migraine ENTDEND patients. A small amount of ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND was administered subcutaneously in the right forehead to evoke a burning painful sensation in the first division of the trigeminal nerve. Increases of regional cerebral blood flow (rCBF) were found bilaterally in the insula, in the anterior cingulate cortex, the cavernous sinus and the cerebellum. Using the same stereotactic space limits as in the above mentioned migraine study no brain stem activation was found in the acute pain state compared to the pain free state. The increase of activation in the region of the cavernous sinus however, suggests that this structure is more likely to be involved in trigeminal transmitted pain as such, rather than in a specific type of headache as was suggested for ENTD cluster headache ENTDEND
0	ENTC PGE(2) ENTCEND mediates lithium-induced ENTD polyuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD polyuria ENTDEND in mice deficient in microsomal ENTC prostaglandin E ENTCEND
0	ENTC lithium ENTCEND -induced ENTD polyuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC Na ENTCEND K-2Cl cotransporter (NKCC2) in the medulla but not in the cortex of the +/+ mice was significantly reduced by lithium treatment. In contrast, the dowregulation of renal medullary NKCC2 expression was significantly attenuated in the -/- mice. We conclude that mPGES-1-derived PGE(2) mediates lithium-induced ENTD polyuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD polyuria ENTDEND  However, the involvement of a specific, terminal ENTC prostaglandin ENTCEND
1	ENTC LiCl ENTCEND (4 mmol.kg(-1).day(-1) ip) in mPGES-1 +/+ mice led to a marked ENTD polyuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC K ENTCEND 2Cl cotransporter (NKCC2) in the medulla but not in the cortex of the +/+ mice was significantly reduced by lithium treatment. In contrast, the dowregulation of renal medullary NKCC2 expression was significantly attenuated in the -/- mice. We conclude that mPGES-1-derived PGE(2) mediates lithium-induced ENTD polyuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC Cl ENTCEND cotransporter (NKCC2) in the medulla but not in the cortex of the +/+ mice was significantly reduced by lithium treatment. In contrast, the dowregulation of renal medullary NKCC2 expression was significantly attenuated in the -/- mice. We conclude that mPGES-1-derived PGE(2) mediates lithium-induced ENTD polyuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC NO ENTCEND and its association with apoptosis in an experimental model of ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND induced by a single injection of adriamycin (ADR). METHODS: The alteration in the NO pathway was assessed by measuring nitrite levels in serum/urine and by evaluating the changes in vascular reactivity of the isolated perfused rat kidney (IPRK) system. Rats were stratified into control groups and ADR-induced nephropathy groups. These two groups were then divided into: group 1, animals receiving saline; and group 2, animals receiving ENTC aminoguanidine ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND induced by a single injection of adriamycin (ADR). METHODS: The alteration in the NO pathway was assessed by measuring ENTC nitrite ENTCEND
1	ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND induced by a single injection of ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND
0	ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND related responses were significantly impaired in the ADR-nephropathy group. Apoptosis was not detected in controls. However, in the ADR-nephropathy group, numerous apoptotic cells were identified in the tubulointerstitial areas. Double staining revealed numerous interstitial apoptotic cells to stain for ED1, a marker for monocytes/macrophages. Treatment with AG prevented the impairment of renal vascular bed responses and reduced both urine nitrite levels and apoptosis to control levels. CONCLUSION: We suggest that interactions between NO and apoptosis are important in the pathogenesis of the ADR-induced ENTD nephrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC NO ENTCEND and apoptosis are important in the pathogenesis of the ADR-induced ENTD nephrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC AG ENTCEND prevented the impairment of renal vascular bed responses and reduced both urine nitrite levels and apoptosis to control levels. CONCLUSION: We suggest that interactions between NO and apoptosis are important in the pathogenesis of the ADR-induced ENTD nephrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND and acetylcholine related responses were significantly impaired in the ADR-nephropathy group. Apoptosis was not detected in controls. However, in the ADR-nephropathy group, numerous apoptotic cells were identified in the tubulointerstitial areas. Double staining revealed numerous interstitial apoptotic cells to stain for ED1, a marker for monocytes/macrophages. Treatment with AG prevented the impairment of renal vascular bed responses and reduced both urine nitrite levels and apoptosis to control levels. CONCLUSION: We suggest that interactions between NO and apoptosis are important in the pathogenesis of the ADR-induced ENTD nephrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC nitrite ENTCEND levels and apoptosis to control levels. CONCLUSION: We suggest that interactions between NO and apoptosis are important in the pathogenesis of the ADR-induced ENTD nephrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC ADR ENTCEND induced ENTD nephrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND compared with control and treatment groups (P < 0.05). Urine nitrite levels were significantly increased in the ADR-nephropathy group (P < 0.05). In the IPRK phenylephrine and ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTC NO ENTCEND synthase. On day 21, rats were sacrificed after obtaining material for biochemical analysis. RESULTS: Histopathological examination of the kidneys of rats treated with ADR revealed focal areas of mesangial proliferation and mild tubulointerstitial inflammation. They also had significantly higher levels of ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC AG ENTCEND  which is a specific inhibitor of inducible-NO synthase. On day 21, rats were sacrificed after obtaining material for biochemical analysis. RESULTS: Histopathological examination of the kidneys of rats treated with ADR revealed focal areas of mesangial proliferation and mild tubulointerstitial inflammation. They also had significantly higher levels of ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND compared with control and treatment groups (P < 0.05). Urine nitrite levels were significantly increased in the ADR-nephropathy group (P < 0.05). In the IPRK ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND compared with control and treatment groups (P < 0.05). Urine ENTC nitrite ENTCEND
1	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND compared with control and treatment groups (P < 0.05). Urine nitrite levels were significantly increased in the ENTC ADR ENTCEND
0	ENTD mesangial proliferation ENTDEND and mild tubulointerstitial inflammation. They also had significantly higher levels of proteinuria compared with control and treatment groups (P < 0.05). Urine nitrite levels were significantly increased in the ADR-nephropathy group (P < 0.05). In the IPRK phenylephrine and ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTC NO ENTCEND synthase. On day 21, rats were sacrificed after obtaining material for biochemical analysis. RESULTS: Histopathological examination of the kidneys of rats treated with ADR revealed focal areas of ENTD mesangial proliferation ENTDEND
0	ENTC AG ENTCEND  which is a specific inhibitor of inducible-NO synthase. On day 21, rats were sacrificed after obtaining material for biochemical analysis. RESULTS: Histopathological examination of the kidneys of rats treated with ADR revealed focal areas of ENTD mesangial proliferation ENTDEND
0	ENTD mesangial proliferation ENTDEND and mild tubulointerstitial inflammation. They also had significantly higher levels of proteinuria compared with control and treatment groups (P < 0.05). Urine nitrite levels were significantly increased in the ADR-nephropathy group (P < 0.05). In the IPRK ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTD mesangial proliferation ENTDEND and mild tubulointerstitial inflammation. They also had significantly higher levels of proteinuria compared with control and treatment groups (P < 0.05). Urine ENTC nitrite ENTCEND
0	ENTC ADR ENTCEND revealed focal areas of ENTD mesangial proliferation ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND group (P < 0.05). In the IPRK phenylephrine and ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTC nitric oxide ENTCEND  production and apoptosis in a model of experimental ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND groups. These two groups were then divided into: group 1, animals receiving saline; and group 2, animals receiving ENTC aminoguanidine ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND group (P < 0.05). In the IPRK ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTC nitrite ENTCEND levels were significantly increased in the ADR- ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC ADR ENTCEND ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD tubulointerstitial inflammation ENTDEND  They also had significantly higher levels of proteinuria compared with control and treatment groups (P < 0.05). Urine nitrite levels were significantly increased in the ADR-nephropathy group (P < 0.05). In the IPRK phenylephrine and ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTC NO ENTCEND synthase. On day 21, rats were sacrificed after obtaining material for biochemical analysis. RESULTS: Histopathological examination of the kidneys of rats treated with ADR revealed focal areas of mesangial proliferation and mild ENTD tubulointerstitial inflammation ENTDEND
0	ENTC AG ENTCEND  which is a specific inhibitor of inducible-NO synthase. On day 21, rats were sacrificed after obtaining material for biochemical analysis. RESULTS: Histopathological examination of the kidneys of rats treated with ADR revealed focal areas of mesangial proliferation and mild ENTD tubulointerstitial inflammation ENTDEND
0	ENTD tubulointerstitial inflammation ENTDEND  They also had significantly higher levels of proteinuria compared with control and treatment groups (P < 0.05). Urine nitrite levels were significantly increased in the ADR-nephropathy group (P < 0.05). In the IPRK ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTD tubulointerstitial inflammation ENTDEND  They also had significantly higher levels of proteinuria compared with control and treatment groups (P < 0.05). Urine ENTC nitrite ENTCEND
0	ENTC ADR ENTCEND revealed focal areas of mesangial proliferation and mild ENTD tubulointerstitial inflammation ENTDEND
0	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND  therapy.A patient with ENTD sinuatrial disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD sinuatrial disease ENTDEND and implanted pacemaker was treated with amiodarone (maximum dose 1000 mg, maintenance dose 800 mg daily) for 10 months, for control of supraventricular tachyarrhythmias. He developed pneumonitis, pleural and pericardial effusions, and a predominantly proximal motor neuropathy. Immediate but gradual improvement followed withdrawal of amiodarone and treatment with prednisolone. Review of this and previously reported cases indicates the need for early diagnosis of amiodarone pneumonitis, immediate withdrawal of amiodarone, and prompt but continued ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTD sinuatrial disease ENTDEND and implanted pacemaker was treated with amiodarone (maximum dose 1000 mg, maintenance dose 800 mg daily) for 10 months, for control of supraventricular tachyarrhythmias. He developed pneumonitis, pleural and pericardial effusions, and a predominantly proximal motor neuropathy. Immediate but gradual improvement followed withdrawal of amiodarone and treatment with ENTC prednisolone ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND  during ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND  during amiodarone therapy.A patient with sinuatrial disease and implanted pacemaker was treated with amiodarone (maximum dose 1000 mg, maintenance dose 800 mg daily) for 10 months, for control of supraventricular tachyarrhythmias. He developed pneumonitis, pleural and pericardial effusions, and a predominantly proximal motor neuropathy. Immediate but gradual improvement followed withdrawal of amiodarone and treatment with prednisolone. Review of this and previously reported cases indicates the need for early diagnosis of amiodarone pneumonitis, immediate withdrawal of amiodarone, and prompt but continued ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND  during amiodarone therapy.A patient with sinuatrial disease and implanted pacemaker was treated with amiodarone (maximum dose 1000 mg, maintenance dose 800 mg daily) for 10 months, for control of supraventricular tachyarrhythmias. He developed pneumonitis, pleural and pericardial effusions, and a predominantly proximal motor neuropathy. Immediate but gradual improvement followed withdrawal of amiodarone and treatment with ENTC prednisolone ENTCEND
1	ENTD pleural and pericardial effusion ENTDEND  and neuropathy during ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTD pleural and pericardial effusions ENTDEND  and a predominantly proximal motor neuropathy. Immediate but gradual improvement followed withdrawal of amiodarone and treatment with prednisolone. Review of this and previously reported cases indicates the need for early diagnosis of amiodarone pneumonitis, immediate withdrawal of amiodarone, and prompt but continued ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTD pleural and pericardial effusions ENTDEND  and a predominantly proximal motor neuropathy. Immediate but gradual improvement followed withdrawal of amiodarone and treatment with ENTC prednisolone ENTCEND
1	ENTD pleural and pericardial effusion ENTDEND  and neuropathy during ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTD pleural and pericardial effusions ENTDEND  and a predominantly proximal motor neuropathy. Immediate but gradual improvement followed withdrawal of amiodarone and treatment with prednisolone. Review of this and previously reported cases indicates the need for early diagnosis of amiodarone pneumonitis, immediate withdrawal of amiodarone, and prompt but continued ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTD pleural and pericardial effusions ENTDEND  and a predominantly proximal motor neuropathy. Immediate but gradual improvement followed withdrawal of amiodarone and treatment with ENTC prednisolone ENTCEND
0	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND (maximum dose 1000 mg, maintenance dose 800 mg daily) for 10 months, for control of ENTD supraventricular tachyarrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTD supraventricular tachyarrhythmias ENTDEND  He developed pneumonitis, pleural and pericardial effusions, and a predominantly proximal motor neuropathy. Immediate but gradual improvement followed withdrawal of amiodarone and treatment with prednisolone. Review of this and previously reported cases indicates the need for early diagnosis of amiodarone pneumonitis, immediate withdrawal of amiodarone, and prompt but continued ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTD supraventricular tachyarrhythmias ENTDEND  He developed pneumonitis, pleural and pericardial effusions, and a predominantly proximal motor neuropathy. Immediate but gradual improvement followed withdrawal of amiodarone and treatment with ENTC prednisolone ENTCEND
1	ENTD proximal motor neuropathy ENTDEND  Immediate but gradual improvement followed withdrawal of ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTD proximal motor neuropathy ENTDEND  Immediate but gradual improvement followed withdrawal of amiodarone and treatment with prednisolone. Review of this and previously reported cases indicates the need for early diagnosis of amiodarone pneumonitis, immediate withdrawal of amiodarone, and prompt but continued ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTD proximal motor neuropathy ENTDEND  Immediate but gradual improvement followed withdrawal of amiodarone and treatment with ENTC prednisolone ENTCEND
1	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND ENTD pneumonitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD pneumonitis ENTDEND  immediate withdrawal of amiodarone, and prompt but continued ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTC prednisolone ENTCEND  Review of this and previously reported cases indicates the need for early diagnosis of amiodarone ENTD pneumonitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC OCT ENTCEND reversed abnormal bone formation, such as woven osteoid and ENTD fibrosis ENTDEND
1	ENTC Calcitriol ENTCEND therapy suppresses serum levels of parathyroid hormone (PTH) in patients with renal failure but has several drawbacks, including ENTD hypercalcemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypercalcemia ENTDEND and/or marked suppression of bone turnover, which may lead to adynamic bone disease. A new ENTC vitamin D ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypercalcemia ENTDEND and/or marked suppression of bone turnover, which may lead to adynamic bone disease. A new vitamin D analogue, 22-oxacalcitriol (OCT), has been shown to have promising characteristics. This study was undertaken to determine the effects of OCT on serum PTH levels and bone turnover in states of normal or impaired renal function. METHODS: Sixty dogs were either nephrectomized (Nx, N = 38) or sham-operated (Sham, N = 22). The animals received supplemental ENTC phosphate ENTCEND
1	ENTC OCT ENTCEND does not completely prevent the occurrence of ENTD hypercalcemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND and bone metabolism were measured throughout the study, and bone biopsies were done at baseline, 60 weeks after OCT or vehicle treatment, and at the end of the crossover period. RESULTS: In Nx dogs, OCT significantly decreased serum PTH levels soon after the induction of renal insufficiency. In long-standing secondary hyperparathyroidism, OCT (0.03 microg/kg) stabilized serum PTH levels during the first months. Serum PTH levels rose thereafter, but the rise was less pronounced compared with baseline than the rise seen in Nx control. These effects were accompanied by episodes of ENTD hypercalcemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD secondary hyperparathyroidism ENTDEND  without inducing low bone turnover in dogs with renal failure.BACKGROUND: ENTC Calcitriol ENTCEND
0	ENTD secondary hyperparathyroidism ENTDEND  without inducing low bone turnover in dogs with renal failure.BACKGROUND: Calcitriol therapy suppresses serum levels of parathyroid hormone (PTH) in patients with renal failure but has several drawbacks, including hypercalcemia and/or marked suppression of bone turnover, which may lead to adynamic bone disease. A new ENTC vitamin D ENTCEND
0	ENTC phosphate ENTCEND supplementation, half of the Nx and Sham dogs received doses of OCT (three times per week); the other half were given vehicle for 60 weeks. Thereafter, the treatment modalities for a subset of animals were crossed over for an additional eight months. Biochemical and hormonal indices of calcium and bone metabolism were measured throughout the study, and bone biopsies were done at baseline, 60 weeks after OCT or vehicle treatment, and at the end of the crossover period. RESULTS: In Nx dogs, OCT significantly decreased serum PTH levels soon after the induction of renal insufficiency. In long-standing ENTD secondary hyperparathyroidism ENTDEND
0	ENTD secondary hyperparathyroidism ENTDEND  ENTC OCT ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND and bone metabolism were measured throughout the study, and bone biopsies were done at baseline, 60 weeks after OCT or vehicle treatment, and at the end of the crossover period. RESULTS: In Nx dogs, OCT significantly decreased serum PTH levels soon after the induction of renal insufficiency. In long-standing ENTD secondary hyperparathyroidism ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal failure ENTDEND .BACKGROUND: ENTC Calcitriol ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal failure ENTDEND but has several drawbacks, including hypercalcemia and/or marked suppression of bone turnover, which may lead to adynamic bone disease. A new ENTC vitamin D ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal failure ENTDEND but has several drawbacks, including hypercalcemia and/or marked suppression of bone turnover, which may lead to adynamic bone disease. A new vitamin D analogue, 22-oxacalcitriol (OCT), has been shown to have promising characteristics. This study was undertaken to determine the effects of OCT on serum PTH levels and bone turnover in states of normal or impaired renal function. METHODS: Sixty dogs were either nephrectomized (Nx, N = 38) or sham-operated (Sham, N = 22). The animals received supplemental ENTC phosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal insufficiency ENTDEND  In long-standing secondary hyperparathyroidism, ENTC OCT ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND and bone metabolism were measured throughout the study, and bone biopsies were done at baseline, 60 weeks after OCT or vehicle treatment, and at the end of the crossover period. RESULTS: In Nx dogs, OCT significantly decreased serum PTH levels soon after the induction of ENTD renal insufficiency ENTDEND
1	ENTD hyperphosphatemia ENTDEND  In animals with normal renal function, ENTC OCT ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND and bone metabolism were measured throughout the study, and bone biopsies were done at baseline, 60 weeks after OCT or vehicle treatment, and at the end of the crossover period. RESULTS: In Nx dogs, OCT significantly decreased serum PTH levels soon after the induction of renal insufficiency. In long-standing secondary hyperparathyroidism, OCT (0.03 microg/kg) stabilized serum PTH levels during the first months. Serum PTH levels rose thereafter, but the rise was less pronounced compared with baseline than the rise seen in Nx control. These effects were accompanied by episodes of hypercalcemia and ENTD hyperphosphatemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Calcitriol ENTCEND therapy suppresses serum levels of parathyroid hormone (PTH) in patients with renal failure but has several drawbacks, including hypercalcemia and/or marked suppression of bone turnover, which may lead to adynamic bone disease. A new vitamin D analogue, 22-oxacalcitriol (OCT), has been shown to have promising characteristics. This study was undertaken to determine the effects of OCT on serum PTH levels and bone turnover in states of normal or ENTD impaired renal function ENTDEND
0	ENTC vitamin D ENTCEND analogue, 22-oxacalcitriol (OCT), has been shown to have promising characteristics. This study was undertaken to determine the effects of OCT on serum PTH levels and bone turnover in states of normal or ENTD impaired renal function ENTDEND
0	ENTD impaired renal function ENTDEND  METHODS: Sixty dogs were either nephrectomized (Nx, N = 38) or sham-operated (Sham, N = 22). The animals received supplemental ENTC phosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTC OCT ENTCEND on serum PTH levels and bone turnover in states of normal or ENTD impaired renal function ENTDEND
0	ENTD impaired renal function ENTDEND  METHODS: Sixty dogs were either nephrectomized (Nx, N = 38) or sham-operated (Sham, N = 22). The animals received supplemental phosphate to enhance PTH secretion. Fourteen weeks after the start of phosphate supplementation, half of the Nx and Sham dogs received doses of OCT (three times per week); the other half were given vehicle for 60 weeks. Thereafter, the treatment modalities for a subset of animals were crossed over for an additional eight months. Biochemical and hormonal indices of ENTC calcium ENTCEND
1	ENTD low bone turnover ENTDEND  in dogs with renal failure.BACKGROUND: ENTC Calcitriol ENTCEND
0	ENTD adynamic bone disease ENTDEND  A new ENTC vitamin D ENTCEND
0	ENTD adynamic bone disease ENTDEND  A new vitamin D analogue, 22-oxacalcitriol (OCT), has been shown to have promising characteristics. This study was undertaken to determine the effects of OCT on serum PTH levels and bone turnover in states of normal or impaired renal function. METHODS: Sixty dogs were either nephrectomized (Nx, N = 38) or sham-operated (Sham, N = 22). The animals received supplemental ENTC phosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTD adynamic bone disease ENTDEND  A new vitamin D analogue, ENTC 22-oxacalcitriol ENTCEND
0	ENTD Cerebral infarction ENTDEND  with a single oral dose of phenylpropanolamine.Phenylpropanolamine (PPA), a synthetic sympathomimetic that is structurally similar to ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD Cerebral infarction ENTDEND  with a single oral dose of ENTC phenylpropanolamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND  is available over the counter in anorectics, nasal congestants, and cold preparations. Its prolonged use or overuse has been associated with seizures, intracerebral hemorrhage, ENTD neuropsychiatric symptoms ENTDEND
1	ENTD neuropsychiatric symptoms ENTDEND  and nonhemorrhagic cerebral infarction. We report the case of a young woman who suffered a cerebral infarction after taking a single oral dose of ENTC PPA ENTCEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND  is available over the counter in anorectics, nasal congestants, and cold preparations. Its prolonged use or overuse has been associated with ENTD seizures ENTDEND
1	ENTD seizures ENTDEND  intracerebral hemorrhage, neuropsychiatric symptoms, and nonhemorrhagic cerebral infarction. We report the case of a young woman who suffered a cerebral infarction after taking a single oral dose of ENTC PPA ENTCEND
0	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND  is available over the counter in anorectics, nasal congestants, and cold preparations. Its prolonged use or overuse has been associated with seizures, ENTD intracerebral hemorrhage ENTDEND
1	ENTD intracerebral hemorrhage ENTDEND  neuropsychiatric symptoms, and nonhemorrhagic cerebral infarction. We report the case of a young woman who suffered a cerebral infarction after taking a single oral dose of ENTC PPA ENTCEND
1	ENTC lithium ENTCEND -induced ENTD diabetes insipidus ENTDEND
1	ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND -induced ENTD convulsion ENTDEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND (2 mg/kg) significantly decreased the incidence of lidocaine (50 mg/kg)-induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND significantly. These results may suggest that ENTC NO ENTCEND
0	ENTD convulsion ENTDEND  in the mouse.The effects of ENTC N-nitro-L-arginine-methyl ester ENTCEND
0	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND  In contrast, the ENTC L-arginine ENTCEND
1	ENTD Hypomania ENTDEND -like syndrome induced by ENTC olanzapine ENTCEND
0	ENTD psychotic disorder ENTDEND (DSM-IV) who developed hypomania shortly after the introduction of ENTC olanzapine ENTCEND
0	ENTC rifampin ENTCEND  treated patients with ENTD tuberculosis ENTDEND
1	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND  and cellular mediated immunity in ENTC rifampin ENTCEND
1	ENTD TDP ENTDEND in the clinic (terfenadine, terodiline, ENTC cisapride ENTCEND
0	ENTD TDP ENTDEND were investigated: terfenadine, terodiline, cisapride and ENTC E4031 ENTCEND
1	ENTD TDP ENTDEND in the clinic ( ENTC terfenadine ENTCEND
1	ENTD TDP ENTDEND in the clinic (terfenadine, ENTC terodiline ENTCEND
0	ENTC cisapride ENTCEND , terfenadine and terodiline on monophasic action potential duration in dog.1. Torsades de pointes (TDP) is a potentially fatal ENTD ventricular tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC E4031 ENTCEND , cisapride, terfenadine and terodiline on monophasic action potential duration in dog.1. Torsades de pointes (TDP) is a potentially fatal ENTD ventricular tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC terfenadine ENTCEND  and terodiline on monophasic action potential duration in dog.1. Torsades de pointes (TDP) is a potentially fatal ENTD ventricular tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC terodiline ENTCEND  on monophasic action potential duration in dog.1. Torsades de pointes (TDP) is a potentially fatal ENTD ventricular tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC nitroglycerin ENTCEND were similar in the normal and diabetic subjects without ENTD autonomic neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC nitroglycerin ENTCEND  in ENTD diabetic autonomic neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC nitroglycerin ENTCEND were similar in the normal and ENTD diabetic ENTDEND
1	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND  by ENTC nitroglycerin ENTCEND
1	ENTC isoniazid ENTCEND is reported. A ENTD bilateral retrobulbar neuropathy ENTDEND
1	ENTD Bilateral optic neuropathy ENTDEND  due to combined ENTC ethambutol ENTCEND
1	ENTD scotoma ENTDEND was found. Ethambutol was stopped and only small improvement of the visual acuity followed. ENTC Isoniazid ENTCEND
1	ENTD scotoma ENTDEND was found. ENTC Ethambutol ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND due to ethambutol are known. We emphasize the potential danger in the use of ethambutol and ENTC isoniazid ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND due to ENTC ethambutol ENTCEND
0	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND -induced lung toxicity and doxorubicin-induced ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND -induced nephrotoxicity, amiodarone-induced lung toxicity and doxorubicin-induced ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC DOX ENTCEND -induced ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND  by a novel ENTC IH636 grape seed proanthocyanidin extract ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND  by a novel IH636 grape seed proanthocyanidin extract.Grape seed extract, primarily a mixture of ENTC proanthocyanidins ENTCEND
0	ENTC AMI ENTCEND and DOX, provided near complete protection in terms of serum chemistry changes (ALT, BUN and CPK), and significantly reduced DNA fragmentation. Histopathological examination of kidney, heart and lung sections revealed moderate to massive ENTD tissue damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC AAP ENTCEND  AMI and DOX, provided near complete protection in terms of serum chemistry changes (ALT, BUN and CPK), and significantly reduced DNA fragmentation. Histopathological examination of kidney, heart and lung sections revealed moderate to massive ENTD tissue damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC DOX ENTCEND  provided near complete protection in terms of serum chemistry changes (ALT, BUN and CPK), and significantly reduced DNA fragmentation. Histopathological examination of kidney, heart and lung sections revealed moderate to massive ENTD tissue damage ENTDEND
0	ENTD tissue damage ENTDEND with a variety of morphological aberrations by all the three drugs in the absence of ENTC GSPE ENTCEND
1	ENTC AMI ENTCEND and DOX induced apoptotic death in addition to ENTD necrosis ENTDEND
1	ENTD necrotic ENTDEND  cell deaths during ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND
1	ENTC DOX ENTCEND induced apoptotic death in addition to ENTD necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD necrosis ENTDEND in the respective organs which was very effectively blocked by ENTC GSPE ENTCEND
0	ENTD necrotic ENTDEND  cell deaths during acetaminophen-induced nephrotoxicity, amiodarone-induced lung toxicity and doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity by a novel IH636 grape seed proanthocyanidin extract.Grape seed extract, primarily a mixture of ENTC proanthocyanidins ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND , ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
1	ENTC AAP ENTCEND -induced ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND , amiodarone-induced lung toxicity and ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC GSPE ENTCEND  to prevent acetaminophen (AAP)-induced ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND , amiodarone-induced lung toxicity and doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity by a novel IH636 grape seed proanthocyanidin extract.Grape seed extract, primarily a mixture of ENTC proanthocyanidins ENTCEND
1	ENTC AMI ENTCEND -induced ENTD lung toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND -induced nephrotoxicity, amiodarone-induced ENTD lung toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD lung toxicity ENTDEND  and ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD lung toxicity ENTDEND  and doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity by a novel ENTC IH636 grape seed proanthocyanidin extract ENTCEND
0	ENTD lung toxicity ENTDEND  and doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity by a novel IH636 grape seed proanthocyanidin extract.Grape seed extract, primarily a mixture of ENTC proanthocyanidins ENTCEND
0	ENTD cholecystitis ENTDEND during ENTC octreotide ENTCEND
0	ENTD depressed ENTDEND throughout therapy. After withdrawal of ENTC octreotide ENTCEND
1	ENTC octreotide ENTCEND in 10 patients without ENTD gallstones ENTDEND
0	ENTC octreotide ENTCEND therapy of ENTD acromegalic ENTDEND
1	ENTC octreotide ENTCEND  17 patients developed sludge, 10 had gallstones, and 1 developed ENTD acute cholecystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND medications were discontinued. Her symptoms improved within the next 24 hours, and repeat CT after 72 hours revealed marked improvement in stomach and small bowel thickening and resolution of ascites. The recognition of ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  who was started on a combination pill of ENTC amlodipine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  who was started on a combination pill of amlodipine/ ENTC benazapril ENTCEND
0	ENTC amlodipine ENTCEND benazapril 10/5 mg. The very next day, she presented at the emergency room (ER) with abdominal pain, nausea and ENTD vomiting ENTDEND
0	ENTC benazapril ENTCEND 10/5 mg. The very next day, she presented at the emergency room (ER) with abdominal pain, nausea and ENTD vomiting ENTDEND
0	ENTD ascites ENTDEND  The recognition of ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTC amlodipine ENTCEND benazapril 10/5 mg. The very next day, she presented at the emergency room (ER) with ENTD abdominal pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC benazapril ENTCEND 10/5 mg. The very next day, she presented at the emergency room (ER) with ENTD abdominal pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND receptor blocker (ARB) ENTD intestinal angioedema ENTDEND
0	ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND receptor blocker (ARB) ENTD intestinal angioedema ENTDEND
1	ENTD angioedema ENTDEND  of the stomach and small intestine: a case report.This is a case report on a 45-year old African-American female with newly diagnosed hypertension, who was started on a combination pill of ENTC amlodipine ENTCEND
1	ENTD angioedema ENTDEND  of the stomach and small intestine: a case report.This is a case report on a 45-year old African-American female with newly diagnosed hypertension, who was started on a combination pill of amlodipine/ ENTC benazapril ENTCEND
0	ENTC amlodipine ENTCEND benazapril 10/5 mg. The very next day, she presented at the emergency room (ER) with abdominal pain, ENTD nausea ENTDEND
0	ENTC benazapril ENTCEND 10/5 mg. The very next day, she presented at the emergency room (ER) with abdominal pain, ENTD nausea ENTDEND
0	ENTC citalopram ENTCEND by a 15-year-old boy with ENTD major depression ENTDEND
1	ENTD Palpebral twitching ENTDEND  in a depressed adolescent on ENTC citalopram ENTCEND
0	ENTD depressed ENTDEND  adolescent on ENTC citalopram ENTCEND
1	ENTD Agranulocytosis ENTDEND occurred 3-20 weeks after initiation of ENTC ticlopidine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Agranulocytosis ENTDEND occurred 3-20 weeks after initiation of ticlopidine, so frequent examination of white cell count during treatment is recommended. There seemed to be no direct correlation between the dose or duration used and the severity of bone marrow suppression. Treatment for ticlopidine-induced aplastic anemia with colony-stimulating factors seemed to have little effect. The fact that 5 of the 6 patients who received concurrent ENTC calcium ENTCEND
1	ENTC Ticlopidine ENTCEND -induced ENTD aplastic anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD aplastic anemia ENTDEND with colony-stimulating factors seemed to have little effect. The fact that 5 of the 6 patients who received concurrent ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD bone marrow suppression ENTDEND  Treatment for ENTC ticlopidine ENTCEND
0	ENTD bone marrow suppression ENTDEND  Treatment for ticlopidine-induced aplastic anemia with colony-stimulating factors seemed to have little effect. The fact that 5 of the 6 patients who received concurrent ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD nocturnal leg cramps ENTDEND due to lack of safety and efficacy, ENTC quinine ENTCEND
1	ENTC quinine ENTCEND may produce neurological complications, including confusion, altered mental status, ENTD seizures ENTDEND
1	ENTC quinine ENTCEND may produce neurological complications, including ENTD confusion ENTDEND
0	ENTC quinine ENTCEND may produce ENTD neurological complications ENTDEND
1	ENTD coma ENTDEND  particularly in older women. Psychologists need to inquire about consumption of ENTC quinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac arrhythmias ENTDEND  If this were so, patients with coronary artery disease might be especially susceptible. Thus, myocardial electrical excitability was measured in patients with mild essential hypertension and known coronary artery disease after 8 weeks of treatment with a potassium-conserving diuretic ( ENTC amiloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac arrhythmias ENTDEND  If this were so, patients with coronary artery disease might be especially susceptible. Thus, myocardial electrical excitability was measured in patients with mild essential hypertension and known coronary artery disease after 8 weeks of treatment with a potassium-conserving diuretic (amiloride) and a similar period on a potassium-losing diuretic ( ENTC chlorthalidone ENTCEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND  and ENTD arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac arrhythmias ENTDEND  If this were so, patients with coronary artery disease might be especially susceptible. Thus, myocardial electrical excitability was measured in patients with mild essential hypertension and known coronary artery disease after 8 weeks of treatment with a potassium-conserving diuretic (amiloride) and a similar period on a potassium-losing diuretic (chlorthalidone) in a randomised study. Plasma potassium concentrations were on average 1 mmol/L lower during the chlorthalidone phase compared to amiloride therapy. Blood pressure and volume states as assessed by bodyweight, plasma renin and ENTC noradrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND and known coronary artery disease after 8 weeks of treatment with a potassium-conserving diuretic ( ENTC amiloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND and known coronary artery disease after 8 weeks of treatment with a potassium-conserving diuretic (amiloride) and a similar period on a potassium-losing diuretic ( ENTC chlorthalidone ENTCEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND  and arrhythmias in ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND and known coronary artery disease after 8 weeks of treatment with a potassium-conserving diuretic (amiloride) and a similar period on a potassium-losing diuretic (chlorthalidone) in a randomised study. Plasma potassium concentrations were on average 1 mmol/L lower during the chlorthalidone phase compared to amiloride therapy. Blood pressure and volume states as assessed by bodyweight, plasma renin and ENTC noradrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTC amiloride ENTCEND treatment, the chlorthalidone phase was associated with an increased frequency of ventricular ectopic beats (24-hour Holter monitoring) and a higher Lown grading, increased upslope and duration of the monophasic action potential, prolonged ventricular effective refractory period, and increased electrical instability during programmed ventricular stimulation. The above results indicate that because potassium-losing diuretic therapy can increase myocardial electrical excitability in patients with ENTD ischaemic heart disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC chlorthalidone ENTCEND phase was associated with an increased frequency of ventricular ectopic beats (24-hour Holter monitoring) and a higher Lown grading, increased upslope and duration of the monophasic action potential, prolonged ventricular effective refractory period, and increased electrical instability during programmed ventricular stimulation. The above results indicate that because potassium-losing diuretic therapy can increase myocardial electrical excitability in patients with ENTD ischaemic heart disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD ischaemic heart disease ENTDEND  even minor falls in plasma ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTC norepinephrine ENTCEND  concentrations were similar on the 2 regimens. Compared to amiloride treatment, the chlorthalidone phase was associated with an increased frequency of ventricular ectopic beats (24-hour Holter monitoring) and a higher Lown grading, increased upslope and duration of the monophasic action potential, prolonged ventricular effective refractory period, and increased electrical instability during programmed ventricular stimulation. The above results indicate that because potassium-losing diuretic therapy can increase myocardial electrical excitability in patients with ENTD ischaemic heart disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD coronary disease ENTDEND .It has been proposed that modest changes in plasma potassium can alter the tendency towards cardiac arrhythmias. If this were so, patients with coronary artery disease might be especially susceptible. Thus, myocardial electrical excitability was measured in patients with mild essential hypertension and known coronary artery disease after 8 weeks of treatment with a potassium-conserving diuretic ( ENTC amiloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD coronary disease ENTDEND .It has been proposed that modest changes in plasma potassium can alter the tendency towards cardiac arrhythmias. If this were so, patients with coronary artery disease might be especially susceptible. Thus, myocardial electrical excitability was measured in patients with mild essential hypertension and known coronary artery disease after 8 weeks of treatment with a potassium-conserving diuretic (amiloride) and a similar period on a potassium-losing diuretic ( ENTC chlorthalidone ENTCEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND  and arrhythmias in hypertensive ENTD coronary disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD coronary disease ENTDEND .It has been proposed that modest changes in plasma potassium can alter the tendency towards cardiac arrhythmias. If this were so, patients with coronary artery disease might be especially susceptible. Thus, myocardial electrical excitability was measured in patients with mild essential hypertension and known coronary artery disease after 8 weeks of treatment with a potassium-conserving diuretic (amiloride) and a similar period on a potassium-losing diuretic (chlorthalidone) in a randomised study. Plasma potassium concentrations were on average 1 mmol/L lower during the chlorthalidone phase compared to amiloride therapy. Blood pressure and volume states as assessed by bodyweight, plasma renin and ENTC noradrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND after 8 weeks of treatment with a potassium-conserving diuretic ( ENTC amiloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND after 8 weeks of treatment with a potassium-conserving diuretic (amiloride) and a similar period on a potassium-losing diuretic ( ENTC chlorthalidone ENTCEND
0	ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND after 8 weeks of treatment with a ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND after 8 weeks of treatment with a potassium-conserving diuretic (amiloride) and a similar period on a potassium-losing diuretic (chlorthalidone) in a randomised study. Plasma potassium concentrations were on average 1 mmol/L lower during the chlorthalidone phase compared to amiloride therapy. Blood pressure and volume states as assessed by bodyweight, plasma renin and ENTC noradrenaline ENTCEND
0	ENTC amiloride ENTCEND treatment, the chlorthalidone phase was associated with an increased frequency of ENTD ventricular ectopic beats ENTDEND
1	ENTC chlorthalidone ENTCEND phase was associated with an increased frequency of ENTD ventricular ectopic beats ENTDEND
0	ENTD ventricular ectopic beats ENTDEND (24-hour Holter monitoring) and a higher Lown grading, increased upslope and duration of the monophasic action potential, prolonged ventricular effective refractory period, and increased electrical instability during programmed ventricular stimulation. The above results indicate that because ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTC norepinephrine ENTCEND  concentrations were similar on the 2 regimens. Compared to amiloride treatment, the chlorthalidone phase was associated with an increased frequency of ENTD ventricular ectopic beats ENTDEND
0	ENTD death ENTDEND even post- ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
1	ENTD seizures ENTDEND up to 77% and death by 72%. Importantly, GNC92H2 prevented death even post- ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cocaine overdose ENTDEND .The illicit use of ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperthyroidism ENTDEND had been treated with carbimazole and ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
0	ENTC bupropion ENTCEND and carbimazole. CASE SUMMARY: A 41-year-old Chinese man with a history of ENTD hyperthyroidism ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperthyroidism ENTDEND had been treated with ENTC carbimazole ENTCEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND for the past 5 years. He received a 10-day course of bupropion as an aid for smoking cessation 10 weeks prior to presentation. He developed acute liver failure with rapid deterioration of renal function. Liver biopsy showed evidence of nonspecific drug-induced acute liver injury. His condition was further complicated by ENTD sepsis ENTDEND
0	ENTD sepsis ENTDEND and coagulopathy. Death resulted 19 days after the onset of symptoms. The likelihood that ENTC bupropion ENTCEND
0	ENTC carbimazole ENTCEND and propranolol for the past 5 years. He received a 10-day course of bupropion as an aid for smoking cessation 10 weeks prior to presentation. He developed acute liver failure with rapid deterioration of renal function. Liver biopsy showed evidence of nonspecific drug-induced acute liver injury. His condition was further complicated by ENTD sepsis ENTDEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND for the past 5 years. He received a 10-day course of bupropion as an aid for smoking cessation 10 weeks prior to presentation. He developed acute liver failure with rapid deterioration of renal function. Liver biopsy showed evidence of nonspecific drug-induced acute liver injury. His condition was further complicated by sepsis and ENTD coagulopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD coagulopathy ENTDEND  Death resulted 19 days after the onset of symptoms. The likelihood that ENTC bupropion ENTCEND
0	ENTC carbimazole ENTCEND and propranolol for the past 5 years. He received a 10-day course of bupropion as an aid for smoking cessation 10 weeks prior to presentation. He developed acute liver failure with rapid deterioration of renal function. Liver biopsy showed evidence of nonspecific drug-induced acute liver injury. His condition was further complicated by sepsis and ENTD coagulopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD liver failure ENTDEND possibly associated with concurrent use of bupropion and carbimazole. CASE SUMMARY: A 41-year-old Chinese man with a history of hyperthyroidism had been treated with carbimazole and ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD liver failure ENTDEND possibly associated with concurrent use of ENTC bupropion ENTCEND
0	ENTC carbimazole ENTCEND  therapy.OBJECTIVE: To report a case of fatal ENTD liver failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND for the past 5 years. He received a 10-day course of bupropion as an aid for smoking cessation 10 weeks prior to presentation. He developed acute liver failure with rapid deterioration of renal function. Liver biopsy showed evidence of nonspecific ENTD drug-induced acute liver injury ENTDEND
1	ENTC bupropion ENTCEND induced ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC carbimazole ENTCEND  CONCLUSIONS: Clinicians should be aware of the possibility of acute liver insult induced by bupropion given concurrently with other ENTD hepatotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND for the past 5 years. He received a 10-day course of bupropion as an aid for smoking cessation 10 weeks prior to presentation. He developed ENTD acute liver failure ENTDEND
1	ENTD acute liver insult ENTDEND induced by ENTC bupropion ENTCEND
1	ENTD Acute liver failure ENTDEND  with concurrent bupropion and ENTC carbimazole ENTCEND
0	ENTC statin ENTCEND  therapy. However, ENTD hepatotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTC simvastatin hydroxy acid ENTCEND  resulting in increased simvastatin exposure and subsequent ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC uridine diphosphate ENTCEND glucoronosyltransferases (UGT) in the intestine and liver and may have inhibited the glucuronidation of simvastatin hydroxy acid, resulting in increased simvastatin exposure and subsequent ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC escitalopram ENTCEND (which she was taking for depression) were discontinued, and other potential causes of ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND is the increased simvastatin exposure by ENTC ezetimibe ENTCEND
1	ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND with ENTC simvastatin-ezetimibe ENTCEND
0	ENTD drug toxicity ENTDEND  She underwent liver transplantation with an uneventful postoperative course. Her aminotransferase levels returned to normal by postoperative day 23, and her 2-year follow-up showed no adverse events. Ezetimibe undergoes extensive glucuronidation by uridine diphosphate glucoronosyltransferases (UGT) in the intestine and liver and may have inhibited the glucuronidation of simvastatin hydroxy acid, resulting in increased ENTC simvastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD drug toxicity ENTDEND  She underwent liver transplantation with an uneventful postoperative course. Her aminotransferase levels returned to normal by postoperative day 23, and her 2-year follow-up showed no adverse events. Ezetimibe undergoes extensive glucuronidation by uridine diphosphate glucoronosyltransferases (UGT) in the intestine and liver and may have inhibited the glucuronidation of ENTC simvastatin hydroxy acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD drug toxicity ENTDEND  She underwent liver transplantation with an uneventful postoperative course. Her aminotransferase levels returned to normal by postoperative day 23, and her 2-year follow-up showed no adverse events. Ezetimibe undergoes extensive glucuronidation by ENTC uridine diphosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTC escitalopram ENTCEND (which she was taking for depression) were discontinued, and other potential causes of hepatotoxicity were excluded. A repeat work-up revealed further elevations in aminotransferase levels, and liver biopsy revealed evidence of moderate-to-severe ENTD drug toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD drug toxicity ENTDEND  She underwent liver transplantation with an uneventful postoperative course. Her aminotransferase levels returned to normal by postoperative day 23, and her 2-year follow-up showed no adverse events. ENTC Ezetimibe ENTCEND
0	ENTC Simvastatinezetimibe ENTCEND and escitalopram (which she was taking for depression) were discontinued, and other potential causes of hepatotoxicity were excluded. A repeat work-up revealed further elevations in aminotransferase levels, and liver biopsy revealed evidence of moderate-to-severe ENTD drug toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD fulminant hepatic failure ENTDEND necessitating liver transplantation 10 weeks after conversion from ENTC simvastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD fulminant hepatic failure ENTDEND necessitating liver transplantation 10 weeks after conversion from simvastatin 40 mg/day to simvastatin 10 mg-ezetimibe 40 mg/day. The patient's lipid panel had been maintained with simvastatin for 18 months before the conversion without evidence of hepatotoxicity. A routine laboratory work-up 10 weeks after conversion revealed elevated serum aminotransferase levels. Simvastatinezetimibe and ENTC escitalopram ENTCEND
0	ENTC ezetimibe ENTCEND or the combination agent simvastatin-ezetimibe. We describe a 70-year-old Hispanic woman who developed ENTD fulminant hepatic failure ENTDEND
1	ENTC simvastatin-ezetimibe ENTCEND  We describe a 70-year-old Hispanic woman who developed ENTD fulminant hepatic failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC simvastatin ENTCEND for 18 months before the conversion without evidence of hepatotoxicity. A routine laboratory work-up 10 weeks after conversion revealed elevated serum aminotransferase levels. Simvastatinezetimibe and escitalopram (which she was taking for ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND  were discontinued, and other potential causes of hepatotoxicity were excluded. A repeat work-up revealed further elevations in aminotransferase levels, and liver biopsy revealed evidence of moderate-to-severe drug toxicity. She underwent liver transplantation with an uneventful postoperative course. Her aminotransferase levels returned to normal by postoperative day 23, and her 2-year follow-up showed no adverse events. Ezetimibe undergoes extensive glucuronidation by uridine diphosphate glucoronosyltransferases (UGT) in the intestine and liver and may have inhibited the glucuronidation of ENTC simvastatin hydroxy acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND  were discontinued, and other potential causes of hepatotoxicity were excluded. A repeat work-up revealed further elevations in aminotransferase levels, and liver biopsy revealed evidence of moderate-to-severe drug toxicity. She underwent liver transplantation with an uneventful postoperative course. Her aminotransferase levels returned to normal by postoperative day 23, and her 2-year follow-up showed no adverse events. Ezetimibe undergoes extensive glucuronidation by ENTC uridine diphosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTC escitalopram ENTCEND (which she was taking for ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND  were discontinued, and other potential causes of hepatotoxicity were excluded. A repeat work-up revealed further elevations in aminotransferase levels, and liver biopsy revealed evidence of moderate-to-severe drug toxicity. She underwent liver transplantation with an uneventful postoperative course. Her aminotransferase levels returned to normal by postoperative day 23, and her 2-year follow-up showed no adverse events. ENTC Ezetimibe ENTCEND
0	ENTC Simvastatinezetimibe ENTCEND and escitalopram (which she was taking for ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC simvastatin ENTCEND exposure and subsequent hepatotoxicity. To our knowledge, this is the first case report of simvastatin-ezetimibe-induced ENTD liver failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC simvastatin hydroxy acid ENTCEND  resulting in increased simvastatin exposure and subsequent hepatotoxicity. To our knowledge, this is the first case report of simvastatin-ezetimibe-induced ENTD liver failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC uridine diphosphate ENTCEND glucoronosyltransferases (UGT) in the intestine and liver and may have inhibited the glucuronidation of simvastatin hydroxy acid, resulting in increased simvastatin exposure and subsequent hepatotoxicity. To our knowledge, this is the first case report of simvastatin-ezetimibe-induced ENTD liver failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD hepatic failure ENTDEND  necessitating liver transplantation.Abstract Serum aminotransferase elevations are a commonly known adverse effect of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitor (statin) therapy. However, hepatotoxic events have not been widely published with ezetimibe or the combination agent simvastatin-ezetimibe. We describe a 70-year-old Hispanic woman who developed fulminant hepatic failure necessitating liver transplantation 10 weeks after conversion from simvastatin 40 mg/day to simvastatin 10 mg-ezetimibe 40 mg/day. The patient's lipid panel had been maintained with simvastatin for 18 months before the conversion without evidence of hepatotoxicity. A routine laboratory work-up 10 weeks after conversion revealed elevated serum aminotransferase levels. Simvastatinezetimibe and ENTC escitalopram ENTCEND
0	ENTD liver failure ENTDEND that resulted in liver transplantation. We postulate that the mechanism of the simvastatinezetimibe-induced hepatotoxicity is the increased simvastatin exposure by ENTC ezetimibe ENTCEND
0	ENTC simvastatin-ezetimibe ENTCEND induced ENTD liver failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD status epilepticus ENTDEND  in mice.Several structurally related metabolites of progesterone (3 alpha-hydroxy pregnane-20-ones) and ENTC deoxycorticosterone ENTCEND
0	ENTD status epilepticus ENTDEND was obtained. The steroids also caused a dose-dependent delay in ENTC NMDA ENTCEND
0	ENTD status epilepticus ENTDEND (ED50 values, 7.0-18.7 mg/kg, i.p.). The corresponding epimers with the 3-hydroxy group in the beta-position were also effective but less potent (ED50 values, 33.8-63.5, i.p.). Although the neuroactive steroids were considerably less potent than the ENTC benzodiazepine ENTCEND
0	ENTD status epilepticus ENTDEND (ED50 values, 7.0-18.7 mg/kg, i.p.). The corresponding epimers with the 3-hydroxy group in the beta-position were also effective but less potent (ED50 values, 33.8-63.5, i.p.). Although the neuroactive steroids were considerably less potent than the benzodiazepine ENTC clonazepam ENTCEND
1	ENTC kainic acid ENTCEND induced seizures and ENTD status epilepticus ENTDEND
0	ENTD status epilepticus ENTDEND  in mice.Several structurally related metabolites of ENTC progesterone ENTCEND
0	ENTD status epilepticus ENTDEND was obtained. The ENTC steroids ENTCEND
1	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND  and kainic acid-induced seizures and ENTD status epilepticus ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND  and status epilepticus in mice.Several structurally related metabolites of progesterone (3 alpha-hydroxy pregnane-20-ones) and ENTC deoxycorticosterone ENTCEND
0	ENTC NMDA ENTCEND ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC benzodiazepine ENTCEND clonazepam in protecting against pilocarpine ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND protection) than ENTC clonazepam ENTCEND
1	ENTC kainic acid ENTCEND induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND  and status epilepticus in mice.Several structurally related metabolites of ENTC progesterone ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND  ENTC steroids ENTCEND
1	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC 3 alpha-hydroxy pregnane-21-diol-20-ones ENTCEND  and their 3 beta-epimers were evaluated for protective activity against pilocarpine-, kainic acid- and N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA)-induced seizures in mice. Steroids with the 3-hydroxy group in the alpha-position and 5-H in the alpha- or beta-configurations were highly effective in protecting against pilocarpine (416 mg/kg, s.c.)-induced limbic motor seizures and status epilepticus (ED50 values, 7.0-18.7 mg/kg, i.p.). The corresponding epimers with the 3-hydroxy group in the beta-position were also effective but less potent (ED50 values, 33.8-63.5, i.p.). Although the neuroactive steroids were considerably less potent than the benzodiazepine clonazepam in protecting against pilocarpine seizures, steroids with the 5 alpha,3 alpha-configuration had comparable or higher protective index values (TD50 for motor impairment divided by ED50 for seizure protection) than clonazepam, indicating that some neuroactive steroids may have lower relative ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  Steroids with the 5 alpha,3 alpha- or 5 beta,3 alpha-configurations also produced a dose-dependent delay in the onset of limbic seizures induced by kainic acid (32 mg/kg, s.c.), but did not completely protect against the seizures. However, when a second dose of the steroid was administered 1 hr after the first dose, complete protection from the kainic acid-induced limbic seizures and status epilepticus was obtained. The steroids also caused a dose-dependent delay in ENTC NMDA ENTCEND
0	ENTC benzodiazepine ENTCEND clonazepam in protecting against pilocarpine seizures, steroids with the 5 alpha,3 alpha-configuration had comparable or higher protective index values (TD50 for motor impairment divided by ED50 for seizure protection) than clonazepam, indicating that some neuroactive steroids may have lower relative ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC clonazepam ENTCEND  indicating that some neuroactive steroids may have lower relative ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  Steroids with the 5 alpha,3 alpha- or 5 beta,3 alpha-configurations also produced a dose-dependent delay in the onset of limbic seizures induced by ENTC kainic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC 3 alpha-hydroxy pregnane-20-ones ENTCEND  and deoxycorticosterone (3 alpha-hydroxy pregnane-21-diol-20-ones) and their 3 beta-epimers were evaluated for protective activity against pilocarpine-, kainic acid- and N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA)-induced seizures in mice. Steroids with the 3-hydroxy group in the alpha-position and 5-H in the alpha- or beta-configurations were highly effective in protecting against pilocarpine (416 mg/kg, s.c.)-induced limbic motor seizures and status epilepticus (ED50 values, 7.0-18.7 mg/kg, i.p.). The corresponding epimers with the 3-hydroxy group in the beta-position were also effective but less potent (ED50 values, 33.8-63.5, i.p.). Although the neuroactive steroids were considerably less potent than the benzodiazepine clonazepam in protecting against pilocarpine seizures, steroids with the 5 alpha,3 alpha-configuration had comparable or higher protective index values (TD50 for motor impairment divided by ED50 for seizure protection) than clonazepam, indicating that some neuroactive steroids may have lower relative ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  ENTC Steroids ENTCEND
0	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND seizures, steroids with the 5 alpha,3 alpha-configuration had comparable or higher protective index values (TD50 for motor impairment divided by ED50 for seizure protection) than clonazepam, indicating that some neuroactive steroids may have lower relative ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTD weight loss ENTDEND from ENTC daunorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC dexrazoxane ENTCEND reduced myelosuppression and ENTD weight loss ENTDEND
1	ENTD weight loss ENTDEND  nor the in vitro cytotoxicity from ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND induced cardiotoxicity. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: Because of their widespread use, the hematologic toxicity following coadministration of dexrazoxane and these three structurally different DNA cleavage enhancers was investigated: Sensitivity of human and murine blood progenitor cells to etoposide, daunorubicin, and doxorubicin +/- dexrazoxane was determined in granulocyte-macrophage colony forming assays. Likewise, in vivo, B6D2F1 mice were treated with etoposide, daunorubicin, and doxorubicin, with or without dexrazoxane over a wide range of doses: posttreatment, a full hematologic evaluation was done. RESULTS: Nontoxic doses of dexrazoxane reduced myelosuppression and ENTD weight loss ENTDEND
0	ENTC epipodophyllotoxin ENTCEND etoposide are potent DNA cleavage-enhancing drugs that are widely used in clinical oncology; however, myelosuppression and cardiac toxicity limit their use. Dexrazoxane (ICRF-187) is recommended for protection against anthracycline-induced cardiotoxicity. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: Because of their widespread use, the hematologic toxicity following coadministration of dexrazoxane and these three structurally different DNA cleavage enhancers was investigated: Sensitivity of human and murine blood progenitor cells to etoposide, daunorubicin, and doxorubicin +/- dexrazoxane was determined in granulocyte-macrophage colony forming assays. Likewise, in vivo, B6D2F1 mice were treated with etoposide, daunorubicin, and doxorubicin, with or without dexrazoxane over a wide range of doses: posttreatment, a full hematologic evaluation was done. RESULTS: Nontoxic doses of dexrazoxane reduced myelosuppression and ENTD weight loss ENTDEND
1	ENTD weight loss ENTDEND from daunorubicin and ENTC etoposide ENTCEND
0	ENTC daunorubicin ENTCEND and doxorubicin and the epipodophyllotoxin etoposide are potent DNA cleavage-enhancing drugs that are widely used in clinical oncology; however, myelosuppression and ENTD cardiac toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac toxicity ENTDEND limit their use. ENTC Dexrazoxane ENTCEND
0	ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND and the epipodophyllotoxin etoposide are potent DNA cleavage-enhancing drugs that are widely used in clinical oncology; however, myelosuppression and ENTD cardiac toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND induced ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC epipodophyllotoxin ENTCEND etoposide are potent DNA cleavage-enhancing drugs that are widely used in clinical oncology; however, myelosuppression and ENTD cardiac toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC etoposide ENTCEND are potent DNA cleavage-enhancing drugs that are widely used in clinical oncology; however, myelosuppression and ENTD cardiac toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC daunorubicin ENTCEND activity raises concern; a possible interference with anticancer efficacy certainly would call for renewed attention. Our data also suggest that significant etoposide dose escalation is perhaps possible by the use of dexrazoxane. Clinical trials in patients with brain ENTD metastases ENTDEND
0	ENTD metastases ENTDEND combining ENTC dexrazoxane ENTCEND
0	ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND clinically, the potent antagonism of daunorubicin activity raises concern; a possible interference with anticancer efficacy certainly would call for renewed attention. Our data also suggest that significant etoposide dose escalation is perhaps possible by the use of dexrazoxane. Clinical trials in patients with brain ENTD metastases ENTDEND
0	ENTD metastases ENTDEND combining dexrazoxane and high doses of ENTC etoposide ENTCEND
0	ENTC daunorubicin ENTCEND and etoposide in mice and antagonized their antiproliferative effects in the colony assay; however, dexrazoxane neither reduced myelosuppression, weight loss, nor the in vitro ENTD cytotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC dexrazoxane ENTCEND neither reduced myelosuppression, weight loss, nor the in vitro ENTD cytotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD cytotoxicity ENTDEND from ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND induced cardiotoxicity. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: Because of their widespread use, the hematologic toxicity following coadministration of dexrazoxane and these three structurally different DNA cleavage enhancers was investigated: Sensitivity of human and murine blood progenitor cells to etoposide, daunorubicin, and doxorubicin +/- dexrazoxane was determined in granulocyte-macrophage colony forming assays. Likewise, in vivo, B6D2F1 mice were treated with etoposide, daunorubicin, and doxorubicin, with or without dexrazoxane over a wide range of doses: posttreatment, a full hematologic evaluation was done. RESULTS: Nontoxic doses of dexrazoxane reduced myelosuppression and weight loss from daunorubicin and etoposide in mice and antagonized their antiproliferative effects in the colony assay; however, dexrazoxane neither reduced myelosuppression, weight loss, nor the in vitro ENTD cytotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC epipodophyllotoxin ENTCEND etoposide are potent DNA cleavage-enhancing drugs that are widely used in clinical oncology; however, myelosuppression and cardiac toxicity limit their use. Dexrazoxane (ICRF-187) is recommended for protection against anthracycline-induced cardiotoxicity. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: Because of their widespread use, the hematologic toxicity following coadministration of dexrazoxane and these three structurally different DNA cleavage enhancers was investigated: Sensitivity of human and murine blood progenitor cells to etoposide, daunorubicin, and doxorubicin +/- dexrazoxane was determined in granulocyte-macrophage colony forming assays. Likewise, in vivo, B6D2F1 mice were treated with etoposide, daunorubicin, and doxorubicin, with or without dexrazoxane over a wide range of doses: posttreatment, a full hematologic evaluation was done. RESULTS: Nontoxic doses of dexrazoxane reduced myelosuppression and weight loss from daunorubicin and etoposide in mice and antagonized their antiproliferative effects in the colony assay; however, dexrazoxane neither reduced myelosuppression, weight loss, nor the in vitro ENTD cytotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC etoposide ENTCEND in mice and antagonized their antiproliferative effects in the colony assay; however, dexrazoxane neither reduced myelosuppression, weight loss, nor the in vitro ENTD cytotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTD hematologic toxicity ENTDEND following coadministration of dexrazoxane and these three structurally different DNA cleavage enhancers was investigated: Sensitivity of human and murine blood progenitor cells to etoposide, ENTC daunorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hematologic toxicity ENTDEND following coadministration of ENTC dexrazoxane ENTCEND
1	ENTD hematologic toxicity ENTDEND following coadministration of dexrazoxane and these three structurally different DNA cleavage enhancers was investigated: Sensitivity of human and murine blood progenitor cells to etoposide, daunorubicin, and ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND induced cardiotoxicity. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: Because of their widespread use, the ENTD hematologic toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC epipodophyllotoxin ENTCEND etoposide are potent DNA cleavage-enhancing drugs that are widely used in clinical oncology; however, myelosuppression and cardiac toxicity limit their use. Dexrazoxane (ICRF-187) is recommended for protection against anthracycline-induced cardiotoxicity. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: Because of their widespread use, the ENTD hematologic toxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC etoposide ENTCEND is ongoing with the aim of improving efficacy without aggravating ENTD hematologic toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD myelosuppression ENTDEND and weight loss from ENTC daunorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC dexrazoxane ENTCEND reduced ENTD myelosuppression ENTDEND
0	ENTD myelosuppression ENTDEND  weight loss, nor the in vitro cytotoxicity from ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD myelosuppression ENTDEND and cardiac toxicity limit their use. Dexrazoxane (ICRF-187) is recommended for protection against ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND
0	ENTC epipodophyllotoxin ENTCEND etoposide are potent DNA cleavage-enhancing drugs that are widely used in clinical oncology; however, ENTD myelosuppression ENTDEND
0	ENTD myelosuppression ENTDEND  from the DNA cleavage-enhancing drugs ENTC etoposide ENTCEND
0	ENTD OB ENTDEND , (5) decreased mitochondrial AMP-alpha2 protein kinase, and (6) 86% drop in cardiac ATP levels accompanied by decreased ATP/ ENTC ADP ENTCEND
1	ENTC fat ENTCEND  diet-fed ENTD obese ENTDEND
0	ENTC triglycerides ENTCEND and increased cardiac fatty-acid oxidation, ATP synthesis, and upregulated JAK/STAT3 pathway. In the current study, we investigated whether a physiological intervention by feeding 40% high fat diet (HFD), which induces ENTD obesity ENTDEND
0	ENTD OB ENTDEND , (5) decreased mitochondrial AMP-alpha2 protein kinase, and (6) 86% drop in cardiac ENTC ATP ENTCEND
0	ENTD OB ENTDEND , (5) decreased mitochondrial ENTC AMP ENTCEND
0	ENTD obese ENTDEND  rats are highly sensitive to ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC doxorubicinol ENTCEND (toxic metabolite) in the normal diet-fed (ND) and ENTD OB ENTDEND
0	ENTC ADP ENTCEND ratio after doxorubicin administration. Decreased cardiac erythropoietin and increased SOCS3 further downregulated the cardioprotective JAK/STAT3 pathway. In conclusion, HFD-induced obese rats are highly sensitized to doxorubicin-induced ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC fat ENTCEND  diet-fed obese rats are highly sensitive to doxorubicin-induced ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND  This cardioprotection is accompanied by decreased cardiac oxidative stress and ENTC triglycerides ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND by substantially downregulating cardiac mitochondrial ENTC ATP ENTCEND
0	ENTC AMP ENTCEND alpha2 protein kinase, and (6) 86% drop in cardiac ATP levels accompanied by decreased ATP/ADP ratio after doxorubicin administration. Decreased cardiac erythropoietin and increased SOCS3 further downregulated the cardioprotective JAK/STAT3 pathway. In conclusion, HFD-induced obese rats are highly sensitized to doxorubicin-induced ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND -induced ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND  cardiac dysfunction, lipid peroxidation, and 80% mortality in the obese (OB) rats in the absence of any significant renal or hepatic toxicity. Doxorubicin toxicokinetics studies revealed no change in accumulation of doxorubicin and ENTC doxorubicinol ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal or hepatic toxicity ENTDEND  Doxorubicin toxicokinetics studies revealed no change in accumulation of doxorubicin and doxorubicinol (toxic metabolite) in the normal diet-fed (ND) and OB hearts. Mechanistic studies revealed that OB rats are sensitized due to: (1) higher oxyradical stress leading to upregulation of uncoupling proteins 2 and 3, (2) downregulation of cardiac peroxisome proliferators activated receptor-alpha, (3) decreased plasma adiponectin levels, (4) decreased cardiac fatty-acid oxidation (666.9+/-14.0 nmol/min/g heart in ND versus 400.2+/-11.8 nmol/min/g heart in OB), (5) decreased mitochondrial AMP-alpha2 protein kinase, and (6) 86% drop in cardiac ATP levels accompanied by decreased ATP/ ENTC ADP ENTCEND
0	ENTC fat ENTCEND diet (HFD), which induces obesity in male Sprague-Dawley rats (250-275 g), sensitizes to doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity. A LD(10) dose (8 mg doxorubicin/kg, ip) administered on day 43 of the HFD feeding regimen led to higher cardiotoxicity, cardiac dysfunction, lipid peroxidation, and 80% mortality in the obese (OB) rats in the absence of any significant ENTD renal or hepatic toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC triglycerides ENTCEND and increased cardiac fatty-acid oxidation, ATP synthesis, and upregulated JAK/STAT3 pathway. In the current study, we investigated whether a physiological intervention by feeding 40% high fat diet (HFD), which induces obesity in male Sprague-Dawley rats (250-275 g), sensitizes to doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity. A LD(10) dose (8 mg doxorubicin/kg, ip) administered on day 43 of the HFD feeding regimen led to higher cardiotoxicity, cardiac dysfunction, lipid peroxidation, and 80% mortality in the obese (OB) rats in the absence of any significant ENTD renal or hepatic toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC ATP ENTCEND synthesis, and upregulated JAK/STAT3 pathway. In the current study, we investigated whether a physiological intervention by feeding 40% high fat diet (HFD), which induces obesity in male Sprague-Dawley rats (250-275 g), sensitizes to doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity. A LD(10) dose (8 mg doxorubicin/kg, ip) administered on day 43 of the HFD feeding regimen led to higher cardiotoxicity, cardiac dysfunction, lipid peroxidation, and 80% mortality in the obese (OB) rats in the absence of any significant ENTD renal or hepatic toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal or hepatic toxicity ENTDEND  Doxorubicin toxicokinetics studies revealed no change in accumulation of doxorubicin and doxorubicinol (toxic metabolite) in the normal diet-fed (ND) and OB hearts. Mechanistic studies revealed that OB rats are sensitized due to: (1) higher oxyradical stress leading to upregulation of uncoupling proteins 2 and 3, (2) downregulation of cardiac peroxisome proliferators activated receptor-alpha, (3) decreased plasma adiponectin levels, (4) decreased cardiac fatty-acid oxidation (666.9+/-14.0 nmol/min/g heart in ND versus 400.2+/-11.8 nmol/min/g heart in OB), (5) decreased mitochondrial ENTC AMP ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal or hepatic toxicity ENTDEND  ENTC Doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal or hepatic toxicity ENTDEND  Doxorubicin toxicokinetics studies revealed no change in accumulation of doxorubicin and ENTC doxorubicinol ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND  lipid peroxidation, and 80% mortality in the obese (OB) rats in the absence of any significant renal or hepatic toxicity. Doxorubicin toxicokinetics studies revealed no change in accumulation of doxorubicin and doxorubicinol (toxic metabolite) in the normal diet-fed (ND) and OB hearts. Mechanistic studies revealed that OB rats are sensitized due to: (1) higher oxyradical stress leading to upregulation of uncoupling proteins 2 and 3, (2) downregulation of cardiac peroxisome proliferators activated receptor-alpha, (3) decreased plasma adiponectin levels, (4) decreased cardiac fatty-acid oxidation (666.9+/-14.0 nmol/min/g heart in ND versus 400.2+/-11.8 nmol/min/g heart in OB), (5) decreased mitochondrial AMP-alpha2 protein kinase, and (6) 86% drop in cardiac ATP levels accompanied by decreased ATP/ ENTC ADP ENTCEND
0	ENTC fat ENTCEND diet (HFD), which induces obesity in male Sprague-Dawley rats (250-275 g), sensitizes to doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity. A LD(10) dose (8 mg doxorubicin/kg, ip) administered on day 43 of the HFD feeding regimen led to higher cardiotoxicity, ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC triglycerides ENTCEND and increased cardiac fatty-acid oxidation, ATP synthesis, and upregulated JAK/STAT3 pathway. In the current study, we investigated whether a physiological intervention by feeding 40% high fat diet (HFD), which induces obesity in male Sprague-Dawley rats (250-275 g), sensitizes to doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity. A LD(10) dose (8 mg doxorubicin/kg, ip) administered on day 43 of the HFD feeding regimen led to higher cardiotoxicity, ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC ATP ENTCEND synthesis, and upregulated JAK/STAT3 pathway. In the current study, we investigated whether a physiological intervention by feeding 40% high fat diet (HFD), which induces obesity in male Sprague-Dawley rats (250-275 g), sensitizes to doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity. A LD(10) dose (8 mg doxorubicin/kg, ip) administered on day 43 of the HFD feeding regimen led to higher cardiotoxicity, ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND  lipid peroxidation, and 80% mortality in the obese (OB) rats in the absence of any significant renal or hepatic toxicity. Doxorubicin toxicokinetics studies revealed no change in accumulation of doxorubicin and doxorubicinol (toxic metabolite) in the normal diet-fed (ND) and OB hearts. Mechanistic studies revealed that OB rats are sensitized due to: (1) higher oxyradical stress leading to upregulation of uncoupling proteins 2 and 3, (2) downregulation of cardiac peroxisome proliferators activated receptor-alpha, (3) decreased plasma adiponectin levels, (4) decreased cardiac fatty-acid oxidation (666.9+/-14.0 nmol/min/g heart in ND versus 400.2+/-11.8 nmol/min/g heart in OB), (5) decreased mitochondrial ENTC AMP ENTCEND
1	ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND kg, ip) administered on day 43 of the HFD feeding regimen led to higher cardiotoxicity, ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND  lipid peroxidation, and 80% mortality in the obese (OB) rats in the absence of any significant renal or hepatic toxicity. Doxorubicin toxicokinetics studies revealed no change in accumulation of doxorubicin and ENTC doxorubicinol ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal or hepatic toxicity ENTDEND  Doxorubicin toxicokinetics studies revealed no change in accumulation of doxorubicin and doxorubicinol (toxic metabolite) in the normal diet-fed (ND) and OB hearts. Mechanistic studies revealed that OB rats are sensitized due to: (1) higher oxyradical stress leading to upregulation of uncoupling proteins 2 and 3, (2) downregulation of cardiac peroxisome proliferators activated receptor-alpha, (3) decreased plasma adiponectin levels, (4) decreased cardiac fatty-acid oxidation (666.9+/-14.0 nmol/min/g heart in ND versus 400.2+/-11.8 nmol/min/g heart in OB), (5) decreased mitochondrial AMP-alpha2 protein kinase, and (6) 86% drop in cardiac ATP levels accompanied by decreased ATP/ ENTC ADP ENTCEND
0	ENTC fat ENTCEND diet (HFD), which induces obesity in male Sprague-Dawley rats (250-275 g), sensitizes to doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity. A LD(10) dose (8 mg doxorubicin/kg, ip) administered on day 43 of the HFD feeding regimen led to higher cardiotoxicity, cardiac dysfunction, lipid peroxidation, and 80% mortality in the obese (OB) rats in the absence of any significant ENTD renal or hepatic toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC triglycerides ENTCEND and increased cardiac fatty-acid oxidation, ATP synthesis, and upregulated JAK/STAT3 pathway. In the current study, we investigated whether a physiological intervention by feeding 40% high fat diet (HFD), which induces obesity in male Sprague-Dawley rats (250-275 g), sensitizes to doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity. A LD(10) dose (8 mg doxorubicin/kg, ip) administered on day 43 of the HFD feeding regimen led to higher cardiotoxicity, cardiac dysfunction, lipid peroxidation, and 80% mortality in the obese (OB) rats in the absence of any significant ENTD renal or hepatic toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC ATP ENTCEND synthesis, and upregulated JAK/STAT3 pathway. In the current study, we investigated whether a physiological intervention by feeding 40% high fat diet (HFD), which induces obesity in male Sprague-Dawley rats (250-275 g), sensitizes to doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity. A LD(10) dose (8 mg doxorubicin/kg, ip) administered on day 43 of the HFD feeding regimen led to higher cardiotoxicity, cardiac dysfunction, lipid peroxidation, and 80% mortality in the obese (OB) rats in the absence of any significant ENTD renal or hepatic toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal or hepatic toxicity ENTDEND  Doxorubicin toxicokinetics studies revealed no change in accumulation of doxorubicin and doxorubicinol (toxic metabolite) in the normal diet-fed (ND) and OB hearts. Mechanistic studies revealed that OB rats are sensitized due to: (1) higher oxyradical stress leading to upregulation of uncoupling proteins 2 and 3, (2) downregulation of cardiac peroxisome proliferators activated receptor-alpha, (3) decreased plasma adiponectin levels, (4) decreased cardiac fatty-acid oxidation (666.9+/-14.0 nmol/min/g heart in ND versus 400.2+/-11.8 nmol/min/g heart in OB), (5) decreased mitochondrial ENTC AMP ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal or hepatic toxicity ENTDEND  ENTC Doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal or hepatic toxicity ENTDEND  Doxorubicin toxicokinetics studies revealed no change in accumulation of doxorubicin and ENTC doxorubicinol ENTCEND
0	ENTC pentamidine ENTCEND  When ENTD QTc interval prolongation ENTDEND
0	ENTD QTc interval prolongation ENTDEND is observed, early ENTC magnesium ENTCEND
0	ENTC Pentamidine ENTCEND induced torsade de pointes may be related to serum magnesium levels and ENTD hypomagnesemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC magnesium ENTCEND levels and ENTD hypomagnesemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC Pentamidine ENTCEND induced ENTD torsade de pointes ENTDEND
0	ENTD torsade de pointes ENTDEND may be related to serum ENTC magnesium ENTCEND
0	ENTC pentamidine ENTCEND  and polymorphic ENTD ventricular tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD ventricular tachyarrhythmias ENTDEND  including torsade de pointes. This article reports two cases of this complication and reviews all reported cases to date. Pentamidine-induced torsade de pointes may be related to serum ENTC magnesium ENTCEND
0	ENTD Delirium ENTDEND  which may be induced by tricyclic drug therapy in the elderly, can be caused by tricyclics with low anticholinergic potency. Therapeutic ranges for ENTC antidepressants ENTCEND
1	ENTC Desipramine ENTCEND -induced ENTD delirium ENTDEND
1	ENTC Triazolam ENTCEND -induced brief episodes of secondary ENTD mania ENTDEND
0	ENTD depressed ENTDEND  patient.Large doses of ENTC triazolam ENTCEND
0	ENTD delirium ENTDEND  were not present. Manic excitement was coincident with the duration of action of ENTC triazolam ENTCEND
0	ENTC triazolam ENTCEND repeatedly induced brief episodes of mania in a depressed elderly woman. Features of ENTD organic mental disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND  Both plasma pethidine and ENTC norpethidine ENTCEND
1	ENTC Pethidine ENTCEND -associated ENTD seizure ENTDEND
0	ENTC norpethidine ENTCEND were elevated in the range associated with clinical manifestations of central nervous system excitation. No other risk factors for CNS ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND were identified. This method allowed frequent self-dosing of ENTC pethidine ENTCEND
0	ENTD postoperative pain ENTDEND control. Twenty-three h postoperatively he developed a brief self-limited seizure. Both plasma pethidine and ENTC norpethidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC pethidine ENTCEND  for ENTD postoperative pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND patients treated with spironolactone in our clinical practice. Cases were patients who developed hyperkalemia (K(+) >5.0 mEq/L) or renal insufficiency ( ENTC Cr ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND patients treated with spironolactone in our clinical practice. Cases were patients who developed hyperkalemia (K(+) >5.0 mEq/L) or renal insufficiency (Cr >or=2.5 mg/dL), and they were compared to 2 randomly selected controls per case. Clinical characteristics, medications, and serum chemistries at baseline and follow-up time periods were compared. RESULTS: Sixty-seven of 926 patients (7.2%) required discontinuation of spironolactone due to hyperkalemia (n = 33) or renal failure (n = 34). Patients who developed hyperkalemia were older and more likely to have diabetes, had higher baseline serum potassium levels and lower baseline potassium supplement doses, and were more likely to be treated with beta-blockers than controls (n = 134). Patients who developed renal insufficiency had lower baseline body weight and higher baseline serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND patients treated with spironolactone in our clinical practice. Cases were patients who developed hyperkalemia ( ENTC K ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND patients treated with spironolactone in our clinical practice. Cases were patients who developed hyperkalemia (K(+) >5.0 mEq/L) or renal insufficiency (Cr >or=2.5 mg/dL), and they were compared to 2 randomly selected controls per case. Clinical characteristics, medications, and serum chemistries at baseline and follow-up time periods were compared. RESULTS: Sixty-seven of 926 patients (7.2%) required discontinuation of spironolactone due to hyperkalemia (n = 33) or renal failure (n = 34). Patients who developed hyperkalemia were older and more likely to have diabetes, had higher baseline serum potassium levels and lower baseline potassium supplement doses, and were more likely to be treated with beta-blockers than controls (n = 134). Patients who developed renal insufficiency had lower baseline body weight and higher baseline serum creatinine, required higher doses of loop diuretics, and were more likely to be treated with ENTC thiazide ENTCEND
0	ENTC spironolactone ENTCEND in ENTD heart failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperkalemia ENTDEND (K(+) >5.0 mEq/L) or renal insufficiency ( ENTC Cr ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND  required higher doses of loop diuretics, and were more likely to be treated with thiazide diuretics than controls. CONCLUSIONS: Spironolactone-induced ENTD hyperkalemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperkalemia ENTDEND ( ENTC K ENTCEND
0	ENTC thiazide ENTCEND diuretics than controls. CONCLUSIONS: Spironolactone-induced ENTD hyperkalemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC spironolactone ENTCEND due to ENTD hyperkalemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Cr ENTCEND >or=2.5 mg/dL), and they were compared to 2 randomly selected controls per case. Clinical characteristics, medications, and serum chemistries at baseline and follow-up time periods were compared. RESULTS: Sixty-seven of 926 patients (7.2%) required discontinuation of spironolactone due to hyperkalemia (n = 33) or renal failure (n = 34). Patients who developed hyperkalemia were older and more likely to have ENTD diabetes ENTDEND
0	ENTD diabetes ENTDEND  had higher baseline serum potassium levels and lower baseline potassium supplement doses, and were more likely to be treated with beta-blockers than controls (n = 134). Patients who developed renal insufficiency had lower baseline body weight and higher baseline serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD diabetes ENTDEND  had higher baseline serum ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTD diabetes ENTDEND  had higher baseline serum potassium levels and lower baseline potassium supplement doses, and were more likely to be treated with beta-blockers than controls (n = 134). Patients who developed renal insufficiency had lower baseline body weight and higher baseline serum creatinine, required higher doses of loop diuretics, and were more likely to be treated with ENTC thiazide ENTCEND
0	ENTC spironolactone ENTCEND due to hyperkalemia (n = 33) or renal failure (n = 34). Patients who developed hyperkalemia were older and more likely to have ENTD diabetes ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal insufficiency ENTDEND ( ENTC Cr ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal insufficiency ENTDEND had lower baseline body weight and higher baseline serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTC K ENTCEND +) >5.0 mEq/L) or ENTD renal insufficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTC thiazide ENTCEND diuretics than controls. CONCLUSIONS: Spironolactone-induced hyperkalemia and ENTD renal insufficiency ENTDEND
1	ENTC Spironolactone ENTCEND -induced ENTD renal insufficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTC difluoromethylornithine ENTCEND  and sulindac for prevention of sporadic ENTD colorectal adenomas ENTDEND
0	ENTC sulindac ENTCEND  for prevention of sporadic ENTD colorectal adenomas ENTDEND
0	ENTD adenomatous polyps ENTDEND after treatment for 36 months with ENTC difluoromethylornithine ENTCEND
0	ENTD adenomatous polyps ENTDEND after treatment for 36 months with difluoromethylornithine (DFMO) plus ENTC sulindac ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of treatment with ENTC DFMO ENTCEND
0	ENTC sulindac ENTCEND or matched placebos. Temporary hearing loss is a known ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC DFMO ENTCEND plus sulindac group who experienced clinically significant hearing loss compared with the placebo group. The estimated attributable risk of ENTD ototoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC sulindac ENTCEND group who experienced clinically significant hearing loss compared with the placebo group. The estimated attributable risk of ENTD ototoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hearing loss ENTDEND is a known toxicity of treatment with ENTC DFMO ENTCEND
1	ENTC sulindac ENTCEND or matched placebos. Temporary ENTD hearing loss ENTDEND
0	ENTC benzylthiouracil ENTCEND .OBJECTIVE: This study was conducted to assess the occurrence of hepatic adverse effects encountered with antithyroid drugs. METHODS: Retrospective review of medical records of 236 patients with ENTD hyperthyroidism ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbimazole ENTCEND  and benzylthiouracil.OBJECTIVE: This study was conducted to assess the occurrence of hepatic adverse effects encountered with antithyroid drugs. METHODS: Retrospective review of medical records of 236 patients with ENTD hyperthyroidism ENTDEND
0	ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND which appeared after ENTC Benzylthiouracil ENTCEND
1	ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND following ENTC carbimazole ENTCEND
0	ENTC Basd  ne ENTCEND  had replaced carbimazole. Biological features of hepatitis disappeared in all cases after cessation of the incriminated drug, while biliary, viral and immunological searches were negative. Only 2 patients of our retrospective study experienced a mild or severe ENTD neutropenia ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbimazole ENTCEND  Biological features of hepatitis disappeared in all cases after cessation of the incriminated drug, while biliary, viral and immunological searches were negative. Only 2 patients of our retrospective study experienced a mild or severe ENTD neutropenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD cholestatic ENTDEND and cytolytic) hepatitis following carbimazole. One of the latter two patients further experienced a cytolytic hepatitis which appeared after ENTC Benzylthiouracil ENTCEND
1	ENTD cholestatic hepatitis ENTDEND induced by ENTC carbimazole ENTCEND
1	ENTD headache ENTDEND of a short duration accompanying facial flush in one and nausea in one, especially after ingestion of ENTC CLZ ENTCEND
1	ENTC BPT ENTCEND  40 micrograms at day 1 and 120 micrograms t.i.d. from day 7 to 14, CLZ: 200 mg t.i.d. from day 3 to 14. At various time intervals, physical examination and blood collection for ex vivo platelet aggregation and determination of intraplatelet cAMP were performed. Throughout the observation period, no significant alteration in vital signs was observed. Seven out of 12 subjects experienced ENTD headache ENTDEND
0	ENTC cAMP ENTCEND were performed. Throughout the observation period, no significant alteration in vital signs was observed. Seven out of 12 subjects experienced ENTD headache ENTDEND
1	ENTD nausea ENTDEND in one, especially after ingestion of ENTC CLZ ENTCEND
1	ENTC BPT ENTCEND  40 micrograms at day 1 and 120 micrograms t.i.d. from day 7 to 14, CLZ: 200 mg t.i.d. from day 3 to 14. At various time intervals, physical examination and blood collection for ex vivo platelet aggregation and determination of intraplatelet cAMP were performed. Throughout the observation period, no significant alteration in vital signs was observed. Seven out of 12 subjects experienced headache of a short duration accompanying facial flush in one and ENTD nausea ENTDEND
0	ENTD nausea ENTDEND in one, especially after ingestion of CLZ. All of these symptoms, probably caused by the vasodilating effect of the two agents, were of mild degree and no special treatment was required. Intraplatelet ENTC cAMP ENTCEND
1	ENTD facial flush ENTDEND in one and nausea in one, especially after ingestion of ENTC CLZ ENTCEND
1	ENTC BPT ENTCEND  40 micrograms at day 1 and 120 micrograms t.i.d. from day 7 to 14, CLZ: 200 mg t.i.d. from day 3 to 14. At various time intervals, physical examination and blood collection for ex vivo platelet aggregation and determination of intraplatelet cAMP were performed. Throughout the observation period, no significant alteration in vital signs was observed. Seven out of 12 subjects experienced headache of a short duration accompanying ENTD facial flush ENTDEND
0	ENTC cAMP ENTCEND were performed. Throughout the observation period, no significant alteration in vital signs was observed. Seven out of 12 subjects experienced headache of a short duration accompanying ENTD facial flush ENTDEND
0	ENTC CLZ ENTCEND  200 mg t.i.d. from day 3 to 14. At various time intervals, physical examination and blood collection for ex vivo ENTD platelet aggregation ENTDEND
0	ENTC BPT ENTCEND  40 micrograms at day 1 and 120 micrograms t.i.d. from day 7 to 14, CLZ: 200 mg t.i.d. from day 3 to 14. At various time intervals, physical examination and blood collection for ex vivo ENTD platelet aggregation ENTDEND
0	ENTD platelet aggregation ENTDEND and determination of intraplatelet ENTC cAMP ENTCEND
0	ENTC prostacyclin ENTCEND analogue beraprost (BPT) and a potent phosphodiesterase inhibitor cilostazol (CLZ) may result in untoward clinical effects due to possible synergistic elevation of intracellular cAMP (cyclic adenosine 3',5'-monophosphate). Thereby, a clinical study of the combined administration of the two agents was attempted. Twelve healthy volunteers were assigned to take BPT/CLZ in the following schedule; BPT: 40 micrograms at day 1 and 120 micrograms t.i.d. from day 7 to 14, CLZ: 200 mg t.i.d. from day 3 to 14. At various time intervals, physical examination and blood collection for ex vivo ENTD platelet aggregation ENTDEND
0	ENTD anxiety ENTDEND  None of these current models demonstrate multiple OCD-like behaviors. METHODS: Neonatal rats were treated with the tricyclic ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND
1	ENTC Clomipramine ENTCEND exposure in immature rats produced significant behavioral and biochemical changes that include enhanced ENTD anxiety ENTDEND
0	ENTD anxiety ENTDEND (elevated plus maze and marble burying), behavioral inflexibility (perseveration in the spontaneous alternation task and impaired reversal learning), working memory impairment (e.g., win-shift paradigm), hoarding, and corticostriatal dysfunction. ENTC Dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD anxiety ENTDEND (elevated plus maze and marble burying), behavioral inflexibility (perseveration in the spontaneous alternation task and impaired reversal learning), working memory impairment (e.g., win-shift paradigm), hoarding, and corticostriatal dysfunction. Dopamine D2 receptors were elevated in the striatum, whereas ENTC serotonin ENTCEND
0	ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND clomipramine or vehicle between days 9 and 16 twice daily and behaviorally tested in adulthood. RESULTS: Clomipramine exposure in immature rats produced significant behavioral and biochemical changes that include enhanced anxiety (elevated plus maze and marble burying), behavioral inflexibility (perseveration in the spontaneous alternation task and impaired reversal learning), working ENTD memory impairment ENTDEND
1	ENTC Clomipramine ENTCEND exposure in immature rats produced significant behavioral and biochemical changes that include enhanced anxiety (elevated plus maze and marble burying), behavioral inflexibility (perseveration in the spontaneous alternation task and impaired reversal learning), working ENTD memory impairment ENTDEND
0	ENTD memory impairment ENTDEND (e.g., win-shift paradigm), hoarding, and corticostriatal dysfunction. ENTC Dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD memory impairment ENTDEND (e.g., win-shift paradigm), hoarding, and corticostriatal dysfunction. Dopamine D2 receptors were elevated in the striatum, whereas ENTC serotonin ENTCEND
0	ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND clomipramine or vehicle between days 9 and 16 twice daily and behaviorally tested in adulthood. RESULTS: Clomipramine exposure in immature rats produced significant behavioral and biochemical changes that include enhanced anxiety (elevated plus maze and marble burying), behavioral inflexibility (perseveration in the spontaneous alternation task and impaired reversal learning), working memory impairment (e.g., win-shift paradigm), hoarding, and corticostriatal dysfunction. Dopamine D2 receptors were elevated in the striatum, whereas serotonin 2C, but not serotonin 1A, receptors were elevated in the orbital frontal cortex. CONCLUSIONS: This is the first demonstration of multiple symptoms consistent with an OCD-like profile in animals. Moreover, these behaviors are accompanied by biochemical changes in brain regions previously identified as relevant to OCD. This novel model of OCD demonstrates that drug exposure during a sensitive period can program disease-like systems permanently, which could have implications for current and future therapeutic strategies for this and other ENTD psychiatric disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTC Clomipramine ENTCEND exposure in immature rats produced significant behavioral and biochemical changes that include enhanced anxiety (elevated plus maze and marble burying), behavioral inflexibility (perseveration in the spontaneous alternation task and impaired reversal learning), working memory impairment (e.g., win-shift paradigm), hoarding, and corticostriatal dysfunction. Dopamine D2 receptors were elevated in the striatum, whereas serotonin 2C, but not serotonin 1A, receptors were elevated in the orbital frontal cortex. CONCLUSIONS: This is the first demonstration of multiple symptoms consistent with an OCD-like profile in animals. Moreover, these behaviors are accompanied by biochemical changes in brain regions previously identified as relevant to OCD. This novel model of OCD demonstrates that drug exposure during a sensitive period can program disease-like systems permanently, which could have implications for current and future therapeutic strategies for this and other ENTD psychiatric disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTC Dopamine ENTCEND D2 receptors were elevated in the striatum, whereas serotonin 2C, but not serotonin 1A, receptors were elevated in the orbital frontal cortex. CONCLUSIONS: This is the first demonstration of multiple symptoms consistent with an OCD-like profile in animals. Moreover, these behaviors are accompanied by biochemical changes in brain regions previously identified as relevant to OCD. This novel model of OCD demonstrates that drug exposure during a sensitive period can program disease-like systems permanently, which could have implications for current and future therapeutic strategies for this and other ENTD psychiatric disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND 1A, receptors were elevated in the orbital frontal cortex. CONCLUSIONS: This is the first demonstration of multiple symptoms consistent with an OCD-like profile in animals. Moreover, these behaviors are accompanied by biochemical changes in brain regions previously identified as relevant to OCD. This novel model of OCD demonstrates that drug exposure during a sensitive period can program disease-like systems permanently, which could have implications for current and future therapeutic strategies for this and other ENTD psychiatric disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTD OCD ENTDEND like behaviors. METHODS: Neonatal rats were treated with the tricyclic ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND
0	ENTD OCD ENTDEND like behaviors. METHODS: Neonatal rats were treated with the tricyclic antidepressant ENTC clomipramine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Dopamine ENTCEND D2 receptors were elevated in the striatum, whereas serotonin 2C, but not serotonin 1A, receptors were elevated in the orbital frontal cortex. CONCLUSIONS: This is the first demonstration of multiple symptoms consistent with an ENTD OCD ENTDEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND 1A, receptors were elevated in the orbital frontal cortex. CONCLUSIONS: This is the first demonstration of multiple symptoms consistent with an ENTD OCD ENTDEND
0	ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND clomipramine or vehicle between days 9 and 16 twice daily and behaviorally tested in adulthood. RESULTS: Clomipramine exposure in immature rats produced significant behavioral and biochemical changes that include enhanced anxiety (elevated plus maze and marble burying), behavioral inflexibility (perseveration in the spontaneous alternation task and impaired reversal learning), working memory impairment (e.g., win-shift paradigm), ENTD hoarding ENTDEND
1	ENTC Clomipramine ENTCEND exposure in immature rats produced significant behavioral and biochemical changes that include enhanced anxiety (elevated plus maze and marble burying), behavioral inflexibility (perseveration in the spontaneous alternation task and impaired reversal learning), working memory impairment (e.g., win-shift paradigm), ENTD hoarding ENTDEND
0	ENTD hoarding ENTDEND  and corticostriatal dysfunction. ENTC Dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hoarding ENTDEND  and corticostriatal dysfunction. Dopamine D2 receptors were elevated in the striatum, whereas ENTC serotonin ENTCEND
0	ENTD increase in blood pressure ENTDEND to 61 torr, whereas the ENTC saralasin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND  after sodium nitroprusside prevented by saralasin in rats.The role of the renin-- ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND  after ENTC sodium nitroprusside ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND  after sodium nitroprusside prevented by saralasin in rats.The role of the renin--angiotensin system in the maintenance of blood pressure during ENTC halothane ENTCEND
0	ENTC angiotensin II ENTCEND  throughout the experimental period. In each group, SNP infusion resulted in an initial decrease in blood pressure from 86 torr and 83 torr, respectively, to 48 torr. During the SNP infusion the control animals demonstrated a progressive ENTD increase in blood pressure ENTDEND
0	ENTC saralasin ENTCEND  This demonstrates the participation of the renin--angiotensin system in antagonizing the combined ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND
0	ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND system in antagonizing the combined ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND
1	ENTC SNP ENTCEND -induced ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
1	ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND effects of ENTC halothane ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND was evaluated. Control rats received halothane anesthesia (1 MAC) for one hour, followed by SNP infusion, 40 microgram/kg/min, for 30 min, followed by a 30-min recovery period. A second group of rats was treated identically and, in addition, received an infusion of saralasin (a competitive inhibitor of ENTC angiotensin II ENTCEND
0	ENTD critically ill ENTDEND patients in whom transient episodes of hypotension reproducibly developed after administration of ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND
0	ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND to produce ENTD cardiovascular toxicities ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND  Other symptoms of ENTD allergic reactions ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetaminophen ENTCEND has been demonstrated to produce symptoms of ENTD anaphylaxis ENTDEND
1	ENTC Acetaminophen ENTCEND -induced ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
1	ENTD ventricular septal rupture ENTDEND in patients on long-term ENTC steroid ENTCEND
1	ENTD myopathy ENTDEND that high-dose ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
0	ENTC steroid ENTCEND ENTD myopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC corticosteroid ENTCEND ENTD myopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND offers to the ENTD spinal cord injury ENTDEND
0	ENTD spinal cord injury ENTDEND patients. Further, ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTD spinal cord injury ENTDEND  In the NASCIS, there was no mention regarding the possibility of acute ENTC corticosteroid ENTCEND
1	ENTC oral contraceptives ENTCEND : case reports.Two cases of hepatic ENTD adenoma ENTDEND
1	ENTD focal nodular hyperplasia ENTDEND  of the liver in young women on ENTC oral contraceptives ENTCEND
1	ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND . ENTC Doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC aldosterone ENTCEND levels increased in ENTD nephrotic ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND  serum ENTC urea ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND .Doxorubicin-induced nephropathy leads to epithelial ENTC sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTC Doxorubicin ENTCEND treatment resulted in heavy proteinuria (>100 mg protein/mg crea) in 15/44 of sgk1(+/+) and 15/44 of sgk1(-/-) mice leading to severe nephrotic syndrome with ascites, lipidemia, and hypoalbuminemia in both genotypes. Plasma aldosterone levels increased in nephrotic mice of both genotypes and was followed by increased SGK1 protein expression in sgk1(+/+) mice. Urinary sodium excretion reached signficantly lower values in sgk1(+/+) mice (15 +/- 5 mumol/mg crea) than in sgk1(-/-) mice (35 +/- 5 mumol/mg crea) and was associated with a significantly higher body ENTD weight gain ENTDEND
0	ENTC aldosterone ENTCEND levels increased in nephrotic mice of both genotypes and was followed by increased SGK1 protein expression in sgk1(+/+) mice. Urinary sodium excretion reached signficantly lower values in sgk1(+/+) mice (15 +/- 5 mumol/mg crea) than in sgk1(-/-) mice (35 +/- 5 mumol/mg crea) and was associated with a significantly higher body ENTD weight gain ENTDEND
0	ENTD weight gain ENTDEND in sgk1(+/+) compared with sgk1(-/-) mice (+6.6 +/- 0.7 vs. +4.1 +/- 0.8 g). During the course of nephrotic syndrome, serum ENTC urea ENTCEND
0	ENTC sodium ENTCEND excretion reached signficantly lower values in sgk1(+/+) mice (15 +/- 5 mumol/mg crea) than in sgk1(-/-) mice (35 +/- 5 mumol/mg crea) and was associated with a significantly higher body ENTD weight gain ENTDEND
0	ENTD fibrosis ENTDEND during nephrotic syndrome. To this end, ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD fibrosis ENTDEND  The ENTC aldosterone ENTCEND
0	ENTC urea ENTCEND concentrations increased significantly faster in sgk1(-/-) mice than in sgk1(+/+) mice leading to uremia and a reduced median survival in sgk1(-/-) mice (29 vs. 40 days in sgk1(+/+) mice). In conclusion, gene-targeted mice lacking SGK1 showed blunted volume retention, yet were not protected against renal ENTD fibrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC sodium ENTCEND channel (ENaC)-dependent volume retention and renal ENTD fibrosis ENTDEND
1	ENTC Doxorubicin ENTCEND treatment resulted in heavy ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND (>100 mg protein/mg crea) in 15/44 of sgk1(+/+) and 15/44 of sgk1(-/-) mice leading to severe nephrotic syndrome with ascites, lipidemia, and hypoalbuminemia in both genotypes. Plasma ENTC aldosterone ENTCEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND (>100 mg protein/mg crea) in 15/44 of sgk1(+/+) and 15/44 of sgk1(-/-) mice leading to severe nephrotic syndrome with ascites, lipidemia, and hypoalbuminemia in both genotypes. Plasma aldosterone levels increased in nephrotic mice of both genotypes and was followed by increased SGK1 protein expression in sgk1(+/+) mice. Urinary sodium excretion reached signficantly lower values in sgk1(+/+) mice (15 +/- 5 mumol/mg crea) than in sgk1(-/-) mice (35 +/- 5 mumol/mg crea) and was associated with a significantly higher body weight gain in sgk1(+/+) compared with sgk1(-/-) mice (+6.6 +/- 0.7 vs. +4.1 +/- 0.8 g). During the course of nephrotic syndrome, serum ENTC urea ENTCEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND (>100 mg protein/mg crea) in 15/44 of sgk1(+/+) and 15/44 of sgk1(-/-) mice leading to severe nephrotic syndrome with ascites, lipidemia, and hypoalbuminemia in both genotypes. Plasma aldosterone levels increased in nephrotic mice of both genotypes and was followed by increased SGK1 protein expression in sgk1(+/+) mice. Urinary ENTC sodium ENTCEND
1	ENTC Doxorubicin ENTCEND treatment resulted in heavy proteinuria (>100 mg protein/mg crea) in 15/44 of sgk1(+/+) and 15/44 of sgk1(-/-) mice leading to severe nephrotic syndrome with ENTD ascites ENTDEND
0	ENTD ascites ENTDEND  lipidemia, and hypoalbuminemia in both genotypes. Plasma ENTC aldosterone ENTCEND
0	ENTD ascites ENTDEND  lipidemia, and hypoalbuminemia in both genotypes. Plasma aldosterone levels increased in nephrotic mice of both genotypes and was followed by increased SGK1 protein expression in sgk1(+/+) mice. Urinary sodium excretion reached signficantly lower values in sgk1(+/+) mice (15 +/- 5 mumol/mg crea) than in sgk1(-/-) mice (35 +/- 5 mumol/mg crea) and was associated with a significantly higher body weight gain in sgk1(+/+) compared with sgk1(-/-) mice (+6.6 +/- 0.7 vs. +4.1 +/- 0.8 g). During the course of nephrotic syndrome, serum ENTC urea ENTCEND
0	ENTD ascites ENTDEND  lipidemia, and hypoalbuminemia in both genotypes. Plasma aldosterone levels increased in nephrotic mice of both genotypes and was followed by increased SGK1 protein expression in sgk1(+/+) mice. Urinary ENTC sodium ENTCEND
1	ENTC Doxorubicin ENTCEND treatment resulted in heavy proteinuria (>100 mg protein/mg crea) in 15/44 of sgk1(+/+) and 15/44 of sgk1(-/-) mice leading to severe nephrotic syndrome with ascites, ENTD lipidemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD lipidemia ENTDEND  and hypoalbuminemia in both genotypes. Plasma ENTC aldosterone ENTCEND
0	ENTD lipidemia ENTDEND  and hypoalbuminemia in both genotypes. Plasma aldosterone levels increased in nephrotic mice of both genotypes and was followed by increased SGK1 protein expression in sgk1(+/+) mice. Urinary sodium excretion reached signficantly lower values in sgk1(+/+) mice (15 +/- 5 mumol/mg crea) than in sgk1(-/-) mice (35 +/- 5 mumol/mg crea) and was associated with a significantly higher body weight gain in sgk1(+/+) compared with sgk1(-/-) mice (+6.6 +/- 0.7 vs. +4.1 +/- 0.8 g). During the course of nephrotic syndrome, serum ENTC urea ENTCEND
0	ENTD lipidemia ENTDEND  and hypoalbuminemia in both genotypes. Plasma aldosterone levels increased in nephrotic mice of both genotypes and was followed by increased SGK1 protein expression in sgk1(+/+) mice. Urinary ENTC sodium ENTCEND
1	ENTC Doxorubicin ENTCEND treatment resulted in heavy proteinuria (>100 mg protein/mg crea) in 15/44 of sgk1(+/+) and 15/44 of sgk1(-/-) mice leading to severe nephrotic syndrome with ascites, lipidemia, and ENTD hypoalbuminemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypoalbuminemia ENTDEND in both genotypes. Plasma ENTC aldosterone ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypoalbuminemia ENTDEND in both genotypes. Plasma aldosterone levels increased in nephrotic mice of both genotypes and was followed by increased SGK1 protein expression in sgk1(+/+) mice. Urinary sodium excretion reached signficantly lower values in sgk1(+/+) mice (15 +/- 5 mumol/mg crea) than in sgk1(-/-) mice (35 +/- 5 mumol/mg crea) and was associated with a significantly higher body weight gain in sgk1(+/+) compared with sgk1(-/-) mice (+6.6 +/- 0.7 vs. +4.1 +/- 0.8 g). During the course of nephrotic syndrome, serum ENTC urea ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypoalbuminemia ENTDEND in both genotypes. Plasma aldosterone levels increased in nephrotic mice of both genotypes and was followed by increased SGK1 protein expression in sgk1(+/+) mice. Urinary ENTC sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTC Doxorubicin ENTCEND induced ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND leads to epithelial sodium channel (ENaC)-dependent volume retention and renal fibrosis. The ENTC aldosterone ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND leads to epithelial ENTC sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTC Doxorubicin ENTCEND treatment resulted in heavy proteinuria (>100 mg protein/mg crea) in 15/44 of sgk1(+/+) and 15/44 of sgk1(-/-) mice leading to severe nephrotic syndrome with ascites, lipidemia, and hypoalbuminemia in both genotypes. Plasma aldosterone levels increased in nephrotic mice of both genotypes and was followed by increased SGK1 protein expression in sgk1(+/+) mice. Urinary sodium excretion reached signficantly lower values in sgk1(+/+) mice (15 +/- 5 mumol/mg crea) than in sgk1(-/-) mice (35 +/- 5 mumol/mg crea) and was associated with a significantly higher body weight gain in sgk1(+/+) compared with sgk1(-/-) mice (+6.6 +/- 0.7 vs. +4.1 +/- 0.8 g). During the course of nephrotic syndrome, serum urea concentrations increased significantly faster in sgk1(-/-) mice than in sgk1(+/+) mice leading to ENTD uremia ENTDEND
0	ENTC aldosterone ENTCEND levels increased in nephrotic mice of both genotypes and was followed by increased SGK1 protein expression in sgk1(+/+) mice. Urinary sodium excretion reached signficantly lower values in sgk1(+/+) mice (15 +/- 5 mumol/mg crea) than in sgk1(-/-) mice (35 +/- 5 mumol/mg crea) and was associated with a significantly higher body weight gain in sgk1(+/+) compared with sgk1(-/-) mice (+6.6 +/- 0.7 vs. +4.1 +/- 0.8 g). During the course of nephrotic syndrome, serum urea concentrations increased significantly faster in sgk1(-/-) mice than in sgk1(+/+) mice leading to ENTD uremia ENTDEND
0	ENTC urea ENTCEND concentrations increased significantly faster in sgk1(-/-) mice than in sgk1(+/+) mice leading to ENTD uremia ENTDEND
0	ENTC sodium ENTCEND excretion reached signficantly lower values in sgk1(+/+) mice (15 +/- 5 mumol/mg crea) than in sgk1(-/-) mice (35 +/- 5 mumol/mg crea) and was associated with a significantly higher body weight gain in sgk1(+/+) compared with sgk1(-/-) mice (+6.6 +/- 0.7 vs. +4.1 +/- 0.8 g). During the course of nephrotic syndrome, serum urea concentrations increased significantly faster in sgk1(-/-) mice than in sgk1(+/+) mice leading to ENTD uremia ENTDEND
0	ENTD volume retention ENTDEND and fibrosis during nephrotic syndrome. To this end, ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD volume retention ENTDEND and renal fibrosis. The ENTC aldosterone ENTCEND
0	ENTC urea ENTCEND concentrations increased significantly faster in sgk1(-/-) mice than in sgk1(+/+) mice leading to uremia and a reduced median survival in sgk1(-/-) mice (29 vs. 40 days in sgk1(+/+) mice). In conclusion, gene-targeted mice lacking SGK1 showed blunted ENTD volume retention ENTDEND
0	ENTC sodium ENTCEND channel (ENaC)-dependent ENTD volume retention ENTDEND
1	ENTD Pain ENTDEND Syndrome (CIPS) is a rare but severe side effect of ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND
1	ENTD Pain ENTDEND Syndrome (CIPS) is a rare but severe side effect of cyclosporine or ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND channel blockers led to relief of ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD polyneuropathy ENTDEND  Morton's neuralgia, gout, osteoporosis, avascular necrosis, intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND
0	ENTD polyneuropathy ENTDEND  Morton's neuralgia, gout, osteoporosis, avascular necrosis, intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of cyclosporine- or ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD polyneuropathy ENTDEND  Morton's neuralgia, gout, osteoporosis, avascular necrosis, intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of cyclosporine- or tacrolimus trough levels and the administration of ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD stress fractures ENTDEND  and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND
0	ENTD stress fractures ENTDEND  and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of cyclosporine- or ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD stress fractures ENTDEND  and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of cyclosporine- or tacrolimus trough levels and the administration of ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD Morton's neuralgia ENTDEND  gout, osteoporosis, avascular necrosis, intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Morton's neuralgia ENTDEND  gout, osteoporosis, avascular necrosis, intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of cyclosporine- or ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD Morton's neuralgia ENTDEND  gout, osteoporosis, avascular necrosis, intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of cyclosporine- or tacrolimus trough levels and the administration of ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD avascular necrosis ENTDEND  intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND
0	ENTD avascular necrosis ENTDEND  intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of cyclosporine- or ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD avascular necrosis ENTDEND  intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of cyclosporine- or tacrolimus trough levels and the administration of ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD foot deformities ENTDEND  stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND
0	ENTD foot deformities ENTDEND  stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of cyclosporine- or ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD foot deformities ENTDEND  stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of cyclosporine- or tacrolimus trough levels and the administration of ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD osteoporosis ENTDEND  avascular necrosis, intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND
0	ENTD osteoporosis ENTDEND  avascular necrosis, intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of cyclosporine- or ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD osteoporosis ENTDEND  avascular necrosis, intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of cyclosporine- or tacrolimus trough levels and the administration of ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD intermittent claudication ENTDEND  orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND
0	ENTD intermittent claudication ENTDEND  orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of cyclosporine- or ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD intermittent claudication ENTDEND  orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of cyclosporine- or tacrolimus trough levels and the administration of ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperparathyroidism ENTDEND  The reduction of ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperparathyroidism ENTDEND  The reduction of cyclosporine- or ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperparathyroidism ENTDEND  The reduction of cyclosporine- or tacrolimus trough levels and the administration of ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD reflex sympathetic dystrophy ENTDEND  polyneuropathy, Morton's neuralgia, gout, osteoporosis, avascular necrosis, intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND
0	ENTD reflex sympathetic dystrophy ENTDEND  polyneuropathy, Morton's neuralgia, gout, osteoporosis, avascular necrosis, intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of cyclosporine- or ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD reflex sympathetic dystrophy ENTDEND  polyneuropathy, Morton's neuralgia, gout, osteoporosis, avascular necrosis, intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of cyclosporine- or tacrolimus trough levels and the administration of ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD gout ENTDEND  osteoporosis, avascular necrosis, intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND
0	ENTD gout ENTDEND  osteoporosis, avascular necrosis, intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of cyclosporine- or ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD gout ENTDEND  osteoporosis, avascular necrosis, intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of cyclosporine- or tacrolimus trough levels and the administration of ENTC calcium ENTCEND
1	ENTD bone marrow oedema ENTDEND in the painful bones. Pain was not explained by other diseases causing foot pain, like reflex sympathetic dystrophy, polyneuropathy, Morton's neuralgia, gout, osteoporosis, avascular necrosis, intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND
1	ENTD bone marrow oedema ENTDEND in the painful bones. Pain was not explained by other diseases causing foot pain, like reflex sympathetic dystrophy, polyneuropathy, Morton's neuralgia, gout, osteoporosis, avascular necrosis, intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of cyclosporine- or ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD bone marrow oedema ENTDEND in the painful bones. Pain was not explained by other diseases causing foot pain, like reflex sympathetic dystrophy, polyneuropathy, Morton's neuralgia, gout, osteoporosis, avascular necrosis, intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of cyclosporine- or tacrolimus trough levels and the administration of ENTC calcium ENTCEND
1	ENTD bone marrow oedema ENTDEND in the painful bones. Pain was not explained by other diseases causing foot pain, like reflex sympathetic dystrophy, polyneuropathy, Morton's neuralgia, gout, osteoporosis, avascular necrosis, intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of ENTC cyclosporine ENTCEND
1	ENTD bone marrow oedema ENTDEND in the painful bones. Pain was not explained by other diseases causing foot pain, like reflex sympathetic dystrophy, polyneuropathy, Morton's neuralgia, gout, osteoporosis, avascular necrosis, intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of cyclosporine- or ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD bone marrow oedema ENTDEND in the painful bones. Pain was not explained by other diseases causing foot pain, like reflex sympathetic dystrophy, polyneuropathy, Morton's neuralgia, gout, osteoporosis, avascular necrosis, intermittent claudication, orthopaedic foot deformities, stress fractures, and hyperparathyroidism. The reduction of cyclosporine- or tacrolimus trough levels and the administration of ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND  during ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTC enalapril ENTCEND for the treatment of ENTD CHF ENTDEND
0	ENTD CHF ENTDEND  There were 3379 patients randomly assigned to enalapril with a median follow-up of 974 days and 3379 patients randomly assigned to placebo with a mean follow-up of 967 days. Decreased renal function was defined as a rise in serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD CHF ENTDEND  ENTC Diuretic ENTCEND
0	ENTD left ventricular dysfunction ENTDEND  (SOLVD)BACKGROUND: Although ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTD Left Ventricular Dysfunction ENTDEND (SOLVD), a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of ENTC enalapril ENTCEND
0	ENTD Left Ventricular Dysfunction ENTDEND (SOLVD), a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of enalapril for the treatment of CHF. There were 3379 patients randomly assigned to enalapril with a median follow-up of 974 days and 3379 patients randomly assigned to placebo with a mean follow-up of 967 days. Decreased renal function was defined as a rise in serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Left Ventricular Dysfunction ENTDEND (SOLVD), a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of enalapril for the treatment of CHF. There were 3379 patients randomly assigned to enalapril with a median follow-up of 974 days and 3379 patients randomly assigned to placebo with a mean follow-up of 967 days. Decreased renal function was defined as a rise in serum creatinine >/=0.5 mg/dL (44 micromol/L) from baseline. We used time-to-event analysis to identify potential predictors of decrease in renal function including age, baseline ejection fraction, baseline creatinine, low systolic blood pressure (<100 mm Hg), history of hypertension, diabetes, and use of antiplatelet, ENTC diuretic ENTCEND
0	ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND converting enzyme inhibitor therapy. METHOD: We analyzed data from the Studies of Left Ventricular Dysfunction (SOLVD), a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of enalapril for the treatment of CHF. There were 3379 patients randomly assigned to enalapril with a median follow-up of 974 days and 3379 patients randomly assigned to placebo with a mean follow-up of 967 days. Decreased renal function was defined as a rise in serum creatinine >/=0.5 mg/dL (44 micromol/L) from baseline. We used time-to-event analysis to identify potential predictors of decrease in renal function including age, baseline ejection fraction, baseline creatinine, low systolic blood pressure (<100 mm Hg), history of ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  diabetes, and use of antiplatelet, diuretic, and beta-blocker therapy. RESULTS: Patients randomly assigned to ENTC enalapril ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND  low systolic blood pressure (<100 mm Hg), history of ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  diabetes, and use of antiplatelet, ENTC diuretic ENTCEND
0	ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND converting enzyme inhibitor therapy. METHOD: We analyzed data from the Studies of Left Ventricular Dysfunction (SOLVD), a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of enalapril for the treatment of CHF. There were 3379 patients randomly assigned to enalapril with a median follow-up of 974 days and 3379 patients randomly assigned to placebo with a mean follow-up of 967 days. Decreased renal function was defined as a rise in serum creatinine >/=0.5 mg/dL (44 micromol/L) from baseline. We used time-to-event analysis to identify potential predictors of decrease in renal function including age, baseline ejection fraction, baseline creatinine, low systolic blood pressure (<100 mm Hg), history of hypertension, ENTD diabetes ENTDEND
0	ENTC enalapril ENTCEND groups older age, diuretic therapy, and ENTD diabetes ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND  low systolic blood pressure (<100 mm Hg), history of hypertension, ENTD diabetes ENTDEND
0	ENTC diuretic ENTCEND therapy, and ENTD diabetes ENTDEND
0	ENTD decreased renal function ENTDEND  in patients with heart failure during ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
1	ENTD decreased renal function ENTDEND in the ENTC enalapril ENTCEND
0	ENTD Decreased renal function ENTDEND was defined as a rise in serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
1	ENTD decreased renal function ENTDEND in patients with CHF. ENTC Diuretic ENTCEND
0	ENTD increase in MAP ENTDEND in both groups. Infusion of the central nervous system ENTC alpha2-adrenergic receptor agonist ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND effect of dietary sodium chloride supplementation. METHODS: Male SHR (aged 6 weeks) that had been treated from conception onward with either captopril or vehicle remained on a basal ENTC sodium chloride ENTCEND
0	ENTC captopril ENTCEND -treated spontaneously ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND
0	ENTC hexamethonium ENTCEND resulted in a rapid decline in MAP that eliminated the dietary sodium chloride-induced ENTD increase in MAP ENTDEND
0	ENTD increase in MAP ENTDEND in both groups. Infusion of the central nervous system alpha2-adrenergic receptor agonist ENTC clonidine ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND effect of ENTC dietary sodium chloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD Cardiotoxic ENTDEND  and possible leukemogenic effects of ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD Cardiotoxic ENTDEND  and possible leukemogenic effects of adriamycin in nonhuman primates.10 monkeys (macaques) received adriamycin by monthly intravenous injections at 12 mg/m2 (1 mg/kg). 8 of the 10 monkeys developed congestive heart failure at an average cumulative adriamycin dose (310 mg/m2) well below that considered the safe upper limit (550 mg/m2) in man. Histologically, the myocardial lesions resembled those found in human ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND  1 of the 10 monkeys developed acute myeloblastic leukemia after receiving 324 mg/m2 of ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND
0	ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND induced ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND
1	ENTD congestive heart failure ENTDEND at an average cumulative ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD congestive heart failure ENTDEND at an average cumulative adriamycin dose (310 mg/m2) well below that considered the safe upper limit (550 mg/m2) in man. Histologically, the myocardial lesions resembled those found in human ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND
1	ENTD acute myeloblastic leukemia ENTDEND after receiving 324 mg/m2 of ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND
0	ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND induced cardiomyopathy. 1 of the 10 monkeys developed ENTD acute myeloblastic leukemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND dose (310 mg/m2) well below that considered the safe upper limit (550 mg/m2) in man. Histologically, the ENTD myocardial lesions ENTDEND
0	ENTD myocardial lesions ENTDEND resembled those found in human ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND
0	ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND is a more potent cardiotoxin in monkeys than in man, and that ENTD leukemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND induced cardiomyopathy. 1 of the 10 monkeys developed acute myeloblastic leukemia after receiving 324 mg/m2 of adriamycin; the 10th monkey is alive and well 26 months after the last dose of drug. Our results suggest that adriamycin is a more potent cardiotoxin in monkeys than in man, and that ENTD leukemia ENTDEND
1	ENTD initiation of carcinogenic process ENTDEND  ENTC 5-azacytidine ENTCEND
1	ENTD initiation of carcinogenic process ENTDEND  5-azacytidine (5-AzC) (10 mg/kg), an inhibitor of DNA methylation, was given to rats during the phase of repair synthesis induced by the three carcinogens, ENTC benzo[a]-pyrene ENTCEND
1	ENTD initiation of carcinogenic process ENTDEND  5-azacytidine (5-AzC) (10 mg/kg), an inhibitor of DNA methylation, was given to rats during the phase of repair synthesis induced by the three carcinogens, benzo[a]-pyrene (200 mg/kg), N-methyl-N-nitrosourea (60 mg/kg) and ENTC 1,2-dimethylhydrazine ENTCEND
1	ENTD initiation of carcinogenic process ENTDEND  5-azacytidine (5-AzC) (10 mg/kg), an inhibitor of DNA methylation, was given to rats during the phase of repair synthesis induced by the three carcinogens, benzo[a]-pyrene (200 mg/kg), N-methyl-N-nitrosourea (60 mg/kg) and 1,2-dimethylhydrazine (1,2-DMH) (100 mg/kg). The initiated hepatocytes in the liver were assayed as the gamma-glutamyltransferase (gamma-GT) positive foci formed following a 2-week selection regimen consisting of dietary 0.02% 2-acetylaminofluorene coupled with a necrogenic dose of ENTC CCl4 ENTCEND
0	ENTD initiation of carcinogenic process ENTDEND  5-azacytidine (5-AzC) (10 mg/kg), an inhibitor of DNA methylation, was given to rats during the phase of repair synthesis induced by the three carcinogens, benzo[a]-pyrene (200 mg/kg), N-methyl-N-nitrosourea (60 mg/kg) and 1,2-dimethylhydrazine (1,2-DMH) (100 mg/kg). The initiated hepatocytes in the liver were assayed as the gamma-glutamyltransferase (gamma-GT) positive foci formed following a 2-week selection regimen consisting of dietary 0.02% 2-acetylaminofluorene coupled with a necrogenic dose of CCl4. The results obtained indicate that with all three carcinogens, administration of 5-AzC during repair synthesis increased the incidence of initiated hepatocytes, for example 10-20 foci/cm2 in 5-AzC and carcinogen-treated rats compared with 3-5 foci/cm2 in rats treated with carcinogen only. Administration of [3H]-5-azadeoxycytidine during the repair synthesis induced by 1,2-DMH further showed that 0.019 mol % of ENTC cytosine ENTCEND
1	ENTD initiation of carcinogenic process ENTDEND  5-azacytidine (5-AzC) (10 mg/kg), an inhibitor of DNA methylation, was given to rats during the phase of repair synthesis induced by the three carcinogens, benzo[a]-pyrene (200 mg/kg), N-methyl-N-nitrosourea (60 mg/kg) and 1,2-dimethylhydrazine (1,2-DMH) (100 mg/kg). The initiated hepatocytes in the liver were assayed as the gamma-glutamyltransferase (gamma-GT) positive foci formed following a 2-week selection regimen consisting of dietary 0.02% ENTC 2-acetylaminofluorene ENTCEND
1	ENTD initiation of carcinogenic process ENTDEND  5-azacytidine (5-AzC) (10 mg/kg), an inhibitor of DNA methylation, was given to rats during the phase of repair synthesis induced by the three carcinogens, benzo[a]-pyrene (200 mg/kg), ENTC N-methyl-N-nitrosourea ENTCEND
0	ENTD initiation of carcinogenic process ENTDEND  5-azacytidine (5-AzC) (10 mg/kg), an inhibitor of DNA methylation, was given to rats during the phase of repair synthesis induced by the three carcinogens, benzo[a]-pyrene (200 mg/kg), N-methyl-N-nitrosourea (60 mg/kg) and 1,2-dimethylhydrazine (1,2-DMH) (100 mg/kg). The initiated hepatocytes in the liver were assayed as the gamma-glutamyltransferase (gamma-GT) positive foci formed following a 2-week selection regimen consisting of dietary 0.02% 2-acetylaminofluorene coupled with a necrogenic dose of CCl4. The results obtained indicate that with all three carcinogens, administration of 5-AzC during repair synthesis increased the incidence of initiated hepatocytes, for example 10-20 foci/cm2 in 5-AzC and carcinogen-treated rats compared with 3-5 foci/cm2 in rats treated with carcinogen only. Administration of ENTC [3H]-5-azadeoxycytidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Suxamethonium ENTCEND causes prolonged apnea in patients in whom pseudocholinesterase enzyme gets deactivated by organophosphorus (OP) poisons. Here, we present a similar incident in a severely ENTD depressed ENTDEND
0	ENTC organophosphorus (OP) poisons ENTCEND  Here, we present a similar incident in a severely ENTD depressed ENTDEND
1	ENTC Suxamethonium ENTCEND causes prolonged ENTD apnea ENTDEND
1	ENTD apnea ENTDEND in our case ensued because the information about suicidal attempt by ENTC OP compound ENTCEND
0	ENTC beta-carotene ENTCEND  the adjusted relative risks of total cardiovascular disease mortality were 1.0, 0.97, 1.11, 1.47, and 1.84 (P for trend < 0.01) across quintiles of total vitamin C intake from food and supplements. Adjusted relative risks of coronary artery disease were 1.0, 0.81, 0.99, 1.26, and 1.91 (P for trend = 0.01) and of ENTD stroke ENTDEND
0	ENTC folate ENTCEND  vitamin E, and beta-carotene, the adjusted relative risks of total cardiovascular disease mortality were 1.0, 0.97, 1.11, 1.47, and 1.84 (P for trend < 0.01) across quintiles of total vitamin C intake from food and supplements. Adjusted relative risks of coronary artery disease were 1.0, 0.81, 0.99, 1.26, and 1.91 (P for trend = 0.01) and of ENTD stroke ENTDEND
0	ENTC vitamin E ENTCEND  and beta-carotene, the adjusted relative risks of total cardiovascular disease mortality were 1.0, 0.97, 1.11, 1.47, and 1.84 (P for trend < 0.01) across quintiles of total vitamin C intake from food and supplements. Adjusted relative risks of coronary artery disease were 1.0, 0.81, 0.99, 1.26, and 1.91 (P for trend = 0.01) and of ENTD stroke ENTDEND
0	ENTD stroke ENTDEND were 1.0, 0.52, 1.23, 2.22, and 2.57 (P for trend < 0.01). When dietary and supplemental ENTC vitamin C ENTCEND
0	ENTC beta-carotene ENTCEND  the adjusted relative risks of total ENTD cardiovascular disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC folate ENTCEND  vitamin E, and beta-carotene, the adjusted relative risks of total ENTD cardiovascular disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC vitamin E ENTCEND  and beta-carotene, the adjusted relative risks of total ENTD cardiovascular disease ENTDEND
1	ENTC vitamin C ENTCEND  increase ENTD cardiovascular disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD atherosclerosis ENTDEND  OBJECTIVE: The objective was to examine the relation between vitamin C intake and mortality from cardiovascular disease. DESIGN: We studied the relation between vitamin C intake and mortality from total cardiovascular disease (n = 281), coronary artery disease (n = 175), and stroke (n = 57) in 1923 postmenopausal women who reported being diabetic at baseline. Diet was assessed with a food-frequency questionnaire at baseline, and subjects initially free of coronary artery disease were prospectively followed for 15 y. RESULTS: After adjustment for cardiovascular disease risk factors, type of diabetes medication used, duration of diabetes, and intakes of folate, vitamin E, and ENTC beta-carotene ENTCEND
0	ENTD atherosclerosis ENTDEND  OBJECTIVE: The objective was to examine the relation between vitamin C intake and mortality from cardiovascular disease. DESIGN: We studied the relation between vitamin C intake and mortality from total cardiovascular disease (n = 281), coronary artery disease (n = 175), and stroke (n = 57) in 1923 postmenopausal women who reported being diabetic at baseline. Diet was assessed with a food-frequency questionnaire at baseline, and subjects initially free of coronary artery disease were prospectively followed for 15 y. RESULTS: After adjustment for cardiovascular disease risk factors, type of diabetes medication used, duration of diabetes, and intakes of ENTC folate ENTCEND
0	ENTD atherosclerosis ENTDEND  OBJECTIVE: The objective was to examine the relation between vitamin C intake and mortality from cardiovascular disease. DESIGN: We studied the relation between vitamin C intake and mortality from total cardiovascular disease (n = 281), coronary artery disease (n = 175), and stroke (n = 57) in 1923 postmenopausal women who reported being diabetic at baseline. Diet was assessed with a food-frequency questionnaire at baseline, and subjects initially free of coronary artery disease were prospectively followed for 15 y. RESULTS: After adjustment for cardiovascular disease risk factors, type of diabetes medication used, duration of diabetes, and intakes of folate, ENTC vitamin E ENTCEND
0	ENTC vitamin C ENTCEND in diabetic persons might promote ENTD atherosclerosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD diabetes ENTDEND  and intakes of folate, vitamin E, and ENTC beta-carotene ENTCEND
0	ENTD diabetes ENTDEND  and intakes of ENTC folate ENTCEND
0	ENTD diabetes ENTDEND  and intakes of folate, ENTC vitamin E ENTCEND
0	ENTC vitamin C ENTCEND in ENTD diabetic ENTDEND
0	ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND were prospectively followed for 15 y. RESULTS: After adjustment for cardiovascular disease risk factors, type of diabetes medication used, duration of diabetes, and intakes of folate, vitamin E, and ENTC beta-carotene ENTCEND
0	ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND were prospectively followed for 15 y. RESULTS: After adjustment for cardiovascular disease risk factors, type of diabetes medication used, duration of diabetes, and intakes of ENTC folate ENTCEND
0	ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND were prospectively followed for 15 y. RESULTS: After adjustment for cardiovascular disease risk factors, type of diabetes medication used, duration of diabetes, and intakes of folate, ENTC vitamin E ENTCEND
0	ENTC vitamin C ENTCEND intake from food and supplements. Adjusted relative risks of ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND
1	ENTD extrapyramidal concomitant symptoms ENTDEND  no other side effects were observed. The results of detailed laboratory tests and evaluations of various quantitative and qualitative tolerability parameters were not indicative of toxic effects. In the double blind study with haloperidol, both substances were found to be highly effective in the treatment of psychotic syndromes belonging predominantly to the schizophrenia group. Certain clues, including the onset of action, seem to be indicative of the superiority of ENTC bromperidol ENTCEND
1	ENTD extrapyramidal concomitant symptoms ENTDEND  no other side effects were observed. The results of detailed laboratory tests and evaluations of various quantitative and qualitative tolerability parameters were not indicative of toxic effects. In the double blind study with ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND
0	ENTD psychotic syndromes belonging predominantly to the schizophrenia group ENTDEND  Certain clues, including the onset of action, seem to be indicative of the superiority of ENTC bromperidol ENTCEND
0	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND  both substances were found to be highly effective in the treatment of ENTD psychotic syndromes belonging predominantly to the schizophrenia group ENTDEND
0	ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND .We present a case of paramedic misjudgment in the execution of a protocol for the treatment of allergic reaction in a case of ENTD pulmonary edema ENTDEND
0	ENTC Epinephrine ENTCEND has a proven role in cardiac arrest in prehospital care; however, use by paramedics in patients with suspected allergic reaction and severe ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD rash ENTDEND  and a history of a new medicine led the two paramedics on the scene to administer subcutaneous ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTD wheezing ENTDEND  The sudden onset of respiratory distress, rash, and a history of a new medicine led the two paramedics on the scene to administer subcutaneous ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND
1	ENTD subarachnoid hemorrhage ENTDEND occurred. ENTC Epinephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND .We present a case of paramedic misjudgment in the execution of a protocol for the treatment of ENTD allergic reaction ENTDEND
1	ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND  Subsequently, acute ENTD cardiac arrest ENTDEND
0	ENTD respiratory distress ENTDEND  rash, and a history of a new medicine led the two paramedics on the scene to administer subcutaneous ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cerebral damage ENTDEND are liable to manifest ENTC DPH ENTCEND
1	ENTC DPH ENTCEND  overdose, the most frequently encountered neurological signs are those of ENTD cerebellar dysfunction ENTDEND
1	ENTD hemiparesis ENTDEND due to ENTC DPH ENTCEND
0	ENTC DPH ENTCEND ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC DPH ENTCEND ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTD myocardial injury ENTDEND  in psychiatrically hospitalized ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
1	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND abusers and none of the controls had ECG evidence of significant myocardial injury defined as ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND abusers and none of the controls had ECG evidence of significant myocardial injury defined as myocardial infarction, ENTD ischemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND abusers and none of the controls had ECG evidence of significant myocardial injury defined as myocardial infarction, ischemia, and ENTD bundle branch block ENTDEND
0	ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND controls. Eleven of the ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND  for ENTD psychosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND  for psychosis and ENTD disruptive behaviors ENTDEND
1	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND in doses of 2-3 mg/day, although a subgroup developed moderate to severe ENTD extrapyramidal signs ENTDEND
0	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND and placebo for scores on the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale psychosis factor and on ENTD psychomotor agitation ENTDEND
0	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND  for psychosis and disruptive behaviors in ENTD Alzheimer's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC Dexmedetomidine ENTCEND was associated with a trend towards improved cardiac outcomes; all-cause mortality (OR 0.27, 95% CI 0.01-7.13, p = 0.44), non-fatal ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
1	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND (p = 0.43). A randomised placebo-controlled trial of ENTC dexmedetomidine ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND (26%, OR 3.80, 95% CI 1.91-7.54, p = 0.0001) and bradycardia (17%, OR 5.45, 95% CI 2.98-9.95, p < 0.00001) were significantly increased. An anticholinergic did not reduce the incidence of bradycardia (p = 0.43). A randomised placebo-controlled trial of ENTC dexmedetomidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Dexmedetomidine ENTCEND was associated with a trend towards improved cardiac outcomes; all-cause mortality (OR 0.27, 95% CI 0.01-7.13, p = 0.44), non-fatal myocardial infarction (OR 0.26, 95% CI 0.04-1.60, p = 0.14), and ENTD myocardial ischaemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD amnesia ENTDEND  in adult male rats.The effect of ENTC ritanserin ENTCEND
0	ENTD amnesia ENTDEND in Morris water maze (MWM) was investigated. Rats were divided into eight groups and bilaterally cannulated into CA1 region of the hippocampus. One week later, they received repeatedly vehicles (saline, ENTC DMSO ENTCEND
1	ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND -induced ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC prednisone ENTCEND  both boys developed lethargy, increasing ENTD somnolence ENTDEND
0	ENTD somnolence ENTDEND  polydipsia, polyphagia, and polyuria. Both presented in the emergency room with profound coma, hypotension, severe hyperglycemia, and acidosis. Nonketotic lactic acidosis was present in one and ketosis without a known serum ENTC lactate ENTCEND
0	ENTC prednisone ENTCEND  both boys developed lethargy, increasing somnolence, polydipsia, polyphagia, and polyuria. Both presented in the emergency room with profound coma, hypotension, severe hyperglycemia, and ENTD acidosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD acidosis ENTDEND  Nonketotic lactic acidosis was present in one and ketosis without a known serum ENTC lactate ENTCEND
1	ENTC prednisone ENTCEND  both boys developed lethargy, increasing somnolence, polydipsia, polyphagia, and polyuria. Both presented in the emergency room with profound coma, ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND  severe hyperglycemia, and acidosis. Nonketotic lactic acidosis was present in one and ketosis without a known serum ENTC lactate ENTCEND
1	ENTD Hyperglycemic acidotic coma ENTDEND  and death in Kearns-Sayre syndrome.This paper presents the clinical and metabolic findings in two young boys with long-standing Kearns-Sayre syndrome. Following short exposure to oral ENTC prednisone ENTCEND
0	ENTD lactic acidosis ENTDEND was present in one and ketosis without a known serum ENTC lactate ENTCEND
0	ENTD Kearns-Sayre syndrome ENTDEND  Following short exposure to oral ENTC prednisone ENTCEND
0	ENTC lactate ENTCEND level was present in the other. Respiratory failure rapidly ensued and both patients expired in spite of efforts at resuscitation. We believe these two cases represent a newly described and catastrophic metabolic-endocrine failure in the ENTD Kearns-Sayre syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC prednisone ENTCEND  both boys developed lethargy, increasing somnolence, polydipsia, polyphagia, and ENTD polyuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD polyuria ENTDEND  Both presented in the emergency room with profound coma, hypotension, severe hyperglycemia, and acidosis. Nonketotic lactic acidosis was present in one and ketosis without a known serum ENTC lactate ENTCEND
1	ENTC prednisone ENTCEND  both boys developed lethargy, increasing somnolence, polydipsia, polyphagia, and polyuria. Both presented in the emergency room with profound coma, hypotension, severe ENTD hyperglycemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperglycemia ENTDEND  and acidosis. Nonketotic lactic acidosis was present in one and ketosis without a known serum ENTC lactate ENTCEND
0	ENTC prednisone ENTCEND  both boys developed lethargy, increasing somnolence, polydipsia, ENTD polyphagia ENTDEND
0	ENTD polyphagia ENTDEND  and polyuria. Both presented in the emergency room with profound coma, hypotension, severe hyperglycemia, and acidosis. Nonketotic lactic acidosis was present in one and ketosis without a known serum ENTC lactate ENTCEND
0	ENTC prednisone ENTCEND  both boys developed lethargy, increasing somnolence, polydipsia, polyphagia, and polyuria. Both presented in the emergency room with profound coma, hypotension, severe hyperglycemia, and acidosis. Nonketotic lactic acidosis was present in one and ketosis without a known serum lactate level was present in the other. ENTD Respiratory failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC lactate ENTCEND level was present in the other. ENTD Respiratory failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC prednisone ENTCEND  both boys developed ENTD lethargy ENTDEND
0	ENTD lethargy ENTDEND  increasing somnolence, polydipsia, polyphagia, and polyuria. Both presented in the emergency room with profound coma, hypotension, severe hyperglycemia, and acidosis. Nonketotic lactic acidosis was present in one and ketosis without a known serum ENTC lactate ENTCEND
0	ENTC prednisone ENTCEND  both boys developed lethargy, increasing somnolence, ENTD polydipsia ENTDEND
0	ENTD polydipsia ENTDEND  polyphagia, and polyuria. Both presented in the emergency room with profound coma, hypotension, severe hyperglycemia, and acidosis. Nonketotic lactic acidosis was present in one and ketosis without a known serum ENTC lactate ENTCEND
1	ENTC prednisone ENTCEND  both boys developed lethargy, increasing somnolence, polydipsia, polyphagia, and polyuria. Both presented in the emergency room with profound coma, hypotension, severe hyperglycemia, and acidosis. Nonketotic lactic acidosis was present in one and ENTD ketosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD ketosis ENTDEND without a known serum ENTC lactate ENTCEND
1	ENTC prednisone ENTCEND  both boys developed lethargy, increasing somnolence, polydipsia, polyphagia, and polyuria. Both presented in the emergency room with profound ENTD coma ENTDEND
0	ENTD coma ENTDEND  hypotension, severe hyperglycemia, and acidosis. Nonketotic lactic acidosis was present in one and ketosis without a known serum ENTC lactate ENTCEND
0	ENTC disulfiram ENTCEND for alcohol dependence management. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A case report. RESULTS: A 57-year-old male presented with gradual loss of vision in both eyes with intermittent ENTD headaches ENTDEND
0	ENTD numbness ENTDEND in both feet. His vision was 6/15 and 2/60 in the right and left eyes, respectively. Fundoscopy revealed bilaterally swollen optic nerve heads. Visual field testing confirmed bilateral central-caecal scotomata. He had been taking ENTC disulfiram ENTCEND
0	ENTC disulfiram ENTCEND for ENTD alcohol dependence ENTDEND
0	ENTC Disulfiram ENTCEND -induced transient ENTD optic and peripheral neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC disulfiram ENTCEND for alcohol dependence management. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A case report. RESULTS: A 57-year-old male presented with gradual ENTD loss of vision ENTDEND
1	ENTC Disulfiram ENTCEND -induced transient ENTD optic and peripheral neuropathy ENTDEND
1	ENTC disulfiram ENTCEND for alcohol dependence management. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A case report. RESULTS: A 57-year-old male presented with gradual loss of vision in both eyes with intermittent headaches for 2 months. He also complained of ENTD paraesthesia ENTDEND
1	ENTD scotomata ENTDEND  He had been taking ENTC disulfiram ENTCEND
0	ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND include fever, ENTD anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND induced apoptosis than did normal T cells, particularly in the presence of sirolimus. CONCLUSIONS: Severe adverse effects of sirolimus include fever, ENTD anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND include ENTD fever ENTDEND
0	ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND induced apoptosis than did normal T cells, particularly in the presence of sirolimus. CONCLUSIONS: Severe adverse effects of sirolimus include ENTD fever ENTDEND
0	ENTC rapamycin ENTCEND ) for ENTD psoriasis ENTDEND
0	ENTD psoriasis ENTDEND tended to exhibit greater spontaneous or ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND
0	ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND include fever, anemia, and capillary leak syndrome. These symptoms may be the result of drug-induced apoptosis of lesional leukocytes, especially activated T lymphocytes, and possibly release of inflammatory mediators. Because patients with severe psoriasis may develop capillary leak from various systemic therapies, clinical monitoring is advisable for patients with ENTD inflammatory diseases ENTDEND
0	ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND induced apoptosis than did normal T cells, particularly in the presence of sirolimus. CONCLUSIONS: Severe adverse effects of sirolimus include fever, anemia, and capillary leak syndrome. These symptoms may be the result of drug-induced apoptosis of lesional leukocytes, especially activated T lymphocytes, and possibly release of inflammatory mediators. Because patients with severe psoriasis may develop capillary leak from various systemic therapies, clinical monitoring is advisable for patients with ENTD inflammatory diseases ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  following administration of ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  following administration of sirolimus (formerly rapamycin) for psoriasis: association of capillary leak syndrome with apoptosis of lesional lymphocytes.BACKGROUND: Sirolimus (formerly rapamycin) is an immunosuppressive agent that interferes with T-cell activation. After 2 individuals with psoriasis developed a capillary leak syndrome following treatment with oral sirolimus lesional skin cells and activated peripheral blood cells were analyzed for induction of apoptosis. OBSERVATIONS: A keratome skin specimen from 1 patient with sirolimus-induced capillary leak syndrome had a 2.3-fold increase in percentage of apoptotic cells (to 48%) compared with an unaffected sirolimus-treated patient with psoriasis (21%). Activated peripheral blood T cells from patients with psoriasis tended to exhibit greater spontaneous or ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND
1	ENTC sirolimus ENTCEND induced ENTD capillary leak syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND induced apoptosis than did normal T cells, particularly in the presence of sirolimus. CONCLUSIONS: Severe adverse effects of sirolimus include fever, anemia, and ENTD capillary leak syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC rapamycin ENTCEND (5 mg/kg), caused a reduction of glomerular filtration rate, degenerative changes of proximal tubular epithelium, and hypertrophy of the juxtaglomerular apparatus in male Wistar rats when given for 10 days. The molecular mechanisms of CsA and FK506 ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC CsA ENTCEND and FK506 ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC FK506 ENTCEND ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC macrolide ENTCEND immunosuppressant rapamycin (5 mg/kg), caused a reduction of glomerular filtration rate, degenerative changes of proximal tubular epithelium, and hypertrophy of the juxtaglomerular apparatus in male Wistar rats when given for 10 days. The molecular mechanisms of CsA and FK506 ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC rapamycin ENTCEND (5 mg/kg), caused a reduction of glomerular filtration rate, degenerative changes of proximal tubular epithelium, and ENTD hypertrophy ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertrophy ENTDEND of the juxtaglomerular apparatus in male Wistar rats when given for 10 days. The molecular mechanisms of ENTC CsA ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertrophy ENTDEND of the juxtaglomerular apparatus in male Wistar rats when given for 10 days. The molecular mechanisms of CsA and ENTC FK506 ENTCEND
0	ENTC macrolide ENTCEND immunosuppressant rapamycin (5 mg/kg), caused a reduction of glomerular filtration rate, degenerative changes of proximal tubular epithelium, and ENTD hypertrophy ENTDEND
0	ENTC rapamycin ENTCEND  These results suggest that the ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND
1	ENTD Nephrotoxicity ENTDEND  of ENTC cyclosporin A ENTCEND
1	ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND effects of CsA and ENTC FK506 ENTCEND
0	ENTD Nephrotoxicity ENTDEND  of cyclosporin A and FK506: inhibition of calcineurin phosphatase.Cyclosporin A (CsA; 50 mg/kg) and Fujimycine (FK506; 5 mg/kg), but not the related ENTC macrolide ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND during treatment with cyclooxygenase inhibitors. Adverse cardiovascular effects occurred mainly, but not exclusively, in patients with concomitant risk factors. Cyclooxygenase inhibitors cause complex changes in renal, vascular and cardiac prostanoid profiles thereby increasing vascular resistance and fluid retention. The incidence of cardiovascular adverse events tends to increase with the daily dose and total exposure time. A comparison of individual selective and unselective cyclooxygenase inhibitors suggests substance-specific differences, which may depend on differences in pharmacokinetic parameters or inhibitory potency and may be contributed by ENTC prostaglandin ENTCEND
1	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND during treatment with ENTC cyclooxygenase inhibitors ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND during treatment with cyclooxygenase inhibitors. Adverse cardiovascular effects occurred mainly, but not exclusively, in patients with concomitant risk factors. Cyclooxygenase inhibitors cause complex changes in renal, vascular and cardiac prostanoid profiles thereby increasing vascular resistance and fluid retention. The incidence of cardiovascular adverse events tends to increase with the daily dose and total exposure time. A comparison of individual selective and unselective cyclooxygenase inhibitors suggests substance-specific differences, which may depend on differences in pharmacokinetic parameters or inhibitory potency and may be contributed by prostaglandin-independent effects. Diagnostic markers such as ENTC N-terminal pro brain natriuretic peptide ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND  stroke, hypertension and heart failure during treatment with cyclooxygenase inhibitors. Adverse cardiovascular effects occurred mainly, but not exclusively, in patients with concomitant risk factors. Cyclooxygenase inhibitors cause complex changes in renal, vascular and cardiac prostanoid profiles thereby increasing vascular resistance and fluid retention. The incidence of cardiovascular adverse events tends to increase with the daily dose and total exposure time. A comparison of individual selective and unselective cyclooxygenase inhibitors suggests substance-specific differences, which may depend on differences in pharmacokinetic parameters or inhibitory potency and may be contributed by ENTC prostaglandin ENTCEND
1	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND  stroke, hypertension and heart failure during treatment with ENTC cyclooxygenase inhibitors ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND  stroke, hypertension and heart failure during treatment with cyclooxygenase inhibitors. Adverse cardiovascular effects occurred mainly, but not exclusively, in patients with concomitant risk factors. Cyclooxygenase inhibitors cause complex changes in renal, vascular and cardiac prostanoid profiles thereby increasing vascular resistance and fluid retention. The incidence of cardiovascular adverse events tends to increase with the daily dose and total exposure time. A comparison of individual selective and unselective cyclooxygenase inhibitors suggests substance-specific differences, which may depend on differences in pharmacokinetic parameters or inhibitory potency and may be contributed by prostaglandin-independent effects. Diagnostic markers such as ENTC N-terminal pro brain natriuretic peptide ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND and heart failure during treatment with cyclooxygenase inhibitors. Adverse cardiovascular effects occurred mainly, but not exclusively, in patients with concomitant risk factors. Cyclooxygenase inhibitors cause complex changes in renal, vascular and cardiac prostanoid profiles thereby increasing vascular resistance and fluid retention. The incidence of cardiovascular adverse events tends to increase with the daily dose and total exposure time. A comparison of individual selective and unselective cyclooxygenase inhibitors suggests substance-specific differences, which may depend on differences in pharmacokinetic parameters or inhibitory potency and may be contributed by ENTC prostaglandin ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND and heart failure during treatment with ENTC cyclooxygenase inhibitors ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND and heart failure during treatment with cyclooxygenase inhibitors. Adverse cardiovascular effects occurred mainly, but not exclusively, in patients with concomitant risk factors. Cyclooxygenase inhibitors cause complex changes in renal, vascular and cardiac prostanoid profiles thereby increasing vascular resistance and fluid retention. The incidence of cardiovascular adverse events tends to increase with the daily dose and total exposure time. A comparison of individual selective and unselective cyclooxygenase inhibitors suggests substance-specific differences, which may depend on differences in pharmacokinetic parameters or inhibitory potency and may be contributed by prostaglandin-independent effects. Diagnostic markers such as ENTC N-terminal pro brain natriuretic peptide ENTCEND
0	ENTC prostaglandin ENTCEND independent effects. Diagnostic markers such as N-terminal pro brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) or high-sensitive C-reactive protein might help in the early identification of patients at risk, thus avoiding the occurrence of serious ENTD cardiovascular toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclooxygenase inhibitors ENTCEND suggests substance-specific differences, which may depend on differences in pharmacokinetic parameters or inhibitory potency and may be contributed by prostaglandin-independent effects. Diagnostic markers such as N-terminal pro brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) or high-sensitive C-reactive protein might help in the early identification of patients at risk, thus avoiding the occurrence of serious ENTD cardiovascular toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC NT-proBNP ENTCEND  or high-sensitive C-reactive protein might help in the early identification of patients at risk, thus avoiding the occurrence of serious ENTD cardiovascular toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD stroke ENTDEND  hypertension and heart failure during treatment with cyclooxygenase inhibitors. Adverse cardiovascular effects occurred mainly, but not exclusively, in patients with concomitant risk factors. Cyclooxygenase inhibitors cause complex changes in renal, vascular and cardiac prostanoid profiles thereby increasing vascular resistance and fluid retention. The incidence of cardiovascular adverse events tends to increase with the daily dose and total exposure time. A comparison of individual selective and unselective cyclooxygenase inhibitors suggests substance-specific differences, which may depend on differences in pharmacokinetic parameters or inhibitory potency and may be contributed by ENTC prostaglandin ENTCEND
1	ENTD stroke ENTDEND  hypertension and heart failure during treatment with ENTC cyclooxygenase inhibitors ENTCEND
0	ENTD stroke ENTDEND  hypertension and heart failure during treatment with cyclooxygenase inhibitors. Adverse cardiovascular effects occurred mainly, but not exclusively, in patients with concomitant risk factors. Cyclooxygenase inhibitors cause complex changes in renal, vascular and cardiac prostanoid profiles thereby increasing vascular resistance and fluid retention. The incidence of cardiovascular adverse events tends to increase with the daily dose and total exposure time. A comparison of individual selective and unselective cyclooxygenase inhibitors suggests substance-specific differences, which may depend on differences in pharmacokinetic parameters or inhibitory potency and may be contributed by prostaglandin-independent effects. Diagnostic markers such as ENTC N-terminal pro brain natriuretic peptide ENTCEND
1	ENTD anuria ENTDEND was mainly due to ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND  developed an irreversible lethal renal failure with ENTD anuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND  We recommend careful use of ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND chemotherapy and with poor kidney perfusion due to transient ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
1	ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND  ENTD Postrenal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD impaired renal function ENTDEND .A sixty-year-old woman with advanced breast cancer, previously treated with ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND  chemotherapy in a ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND  previously treated with ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal failure ENTDEND with anuria, the day after 5 g/m2 bolus ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND  developed an irreversible lethal ENTD renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC heparin ENTCEND  dipyridamole and hemodialysis; and after more than three months, her urinary output rose above 500 ml; and six months after the onset of anuria, dialysis treatment was stopped. This case emphasizes the possibility that HUS in adults is not invariably irreversible and that, despite prolonged oliguria, recovery of renal function can be obtained. Therefore, in adult patients affected by HUS, dialysis should not be discontinued prematurely; moreover, bilateral nephrectomy, for treatment of severe ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTC dipyridamole ENTCEND and hemodialysis; and after more than three months, her urinary output rose above 500 ml; and six months after the onset of anuria, dialysis treatment was stopped. This case emphasizes the possibility that HUS in adults is not invariably irreversible and that, despite prolonged oliguria, recovery of renal function can be obtained. Therefore, in adult patients affected by HUS, dialysis should not be discontinued prematurely; moreover, bilateral nephrectomy, for treatment of severe ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTC oral contraceptives ENTCEND  She was treated with heparin, dipyridamole and hemodialysis; and after more than three months, her urinary output rose above 500 ml; and six months after the onset of anuria, dialysis treatment was stopped. This case emphasizes the possibility that HUS in adults is not invariably irreversible and that, despite prolonged oliguria, recovery of renal function can be obtained. Therefore, in adult patients affected by HUS, dialysis should not be discontinued prematurely; moreover, bilateral nephrectomy, for treatment of severe ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTC heparin ENTCEND  dipyridamole and hemodialysis; and after more than three months, her urinary output rose above 500 ml; and six months after the onset of ENTD anuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC dipyridamole ENTCEND and hemodialysis; and after more than three months, her urinary output rose above 500 ml; and six months after the onset of ENTD anuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC oral contraceptives ENTCEND  She was treated with heparin, dipyridamole and hemodialysis; and after more than three months, her urinary output rose above 500 ml; and six months after the onset of ENTD anuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC heparin ENTCEND  dipyridamole and hemodialysis; and after more than three months, her urinary output rose above 500 ml; and six months after the onset of anuria, dialysis treatment was stopped. This case emphasizes the possibility that HUS in adults is not invariably irreversible and that, despite prolonged oliguria, recovery of renal function can be obtained. Therefore, in adult patients affected by HUS, dialysis should not be discontinued prematurely; moreover, bilateral nephrectomy, for treatment of severe hypertension and ENTD microangiopathic hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC dipyridamole ENTCEND and hemodialysis; and after more than three months, her urinary output rose above 500 ml; and six months after the onset of anuria, dialysis treatment was stopped. This case emphasizes the possibility that HUS in adults is not invariably irreversible and that, despite prolonged oliguria, recovery of renal function can be obtained. Therefore, in adult patients affected by HUS, dialysis should not be discontinued prematurely; moreover, bilateral nephrectomy, for treatment of severe hypertension and ENTD microangiopathic hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC oral contraceptives ENTCEND  She was treated with heparin, dipyridamole and hemodialysis; and after more than three months, her urinary output rose above 500 ml; and six months after the onset of anuria, dialysis treatment was stopped. This case emphasizes the possibility that HUS in adults is not invariably irreversible and that, despite prolonged oliguria, recovery of renal function can be obtained. Therefore, in adult patients affected by HUS, dialysis should not be discontinued prematurely; moreover, bilateral nephrectomy, for treatment of severe hypertension and ENTD microangiopathic hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD HUS ENTDEND  in a woman taking oral contraceptives. She was treated with ENTC heparin ENTCEND
0	ENTD HUS ENTDEND  in a woman taking oral contraceptives. She was treated with heparin, ENTC dipyridamole ENTCEND
1	ENTD HUS ENTDEND  in a woman taking ENTC oral contraceptives ENTCEND
0	ENTC heparin ENTCEND  dipyridamole and hemodialysis; and after more than three months, her urinary output rose above 500 ml; and six months after the onset of anuria, dialysis treatment was stopped. This case emphasizes the possibility that HUS in adults is not invariably irreversible and that, despite prolonged ENTD oliguria ENTDEND
0	ENTC dipyridamole ENTCEND and hemodialysis; and after more than three months, her urinary output rose above 500 ml; and six months after the onset of anuria, dialysis treatment was stopped. This case emphasizes the possibility that HUS in adults is not invariably irreversible and that, despite prolonged ENTD oliguria ENTDEND
0	ENTC oral contraceptives ENTCEND  She was treated with heparin, dipyridamole and hemodialysis; and after more than three months, her urinary output rose above 500 ml; and six months after the onset of anuria, dialysis treatment was stopped. This case emphasizes the possibility that HUS in adults is not invariably irreversible and that, despite prolonged ENTD oliguria ENTDEND
0	ENTD muscle damage ENTDEND  severe damage was also seen in harderian glands, especially after exposure to mepivacaine and lidocaine plus ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND
1	ENTD muscle damage ENTDEND  severe damage was also seen in harderian glands, especially after exposure to mepivacaine and ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND
1	ENTD muscle damage ENTDEND  severe damage was also seen in harderian glands, especially after exposure to ENTC mepivacaine ENTCEND
1	ENTC bupivacaine hydrochloride ENTCEND  2.0% mepivacaine hydrochloride, and 2.0% lidocaine hydrochloride plus 1:100,000 epinephrine) were injected into the retrobulbar area of rat eyes. Controls were injected with physiological saline. All three anesthetics produced massive degeneration of the extraocular muscles. ENTD Muscle degeneration ENTDEND
0	ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND  With these findings in rats, it is hypothesized that the temporary ENTD diplopia ENTDEND
0	ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND plus epinephrine. With these findings in rats, it is hypothesized that the temporary ENTD diplopia ENTDEND
0	ENTC mepivacaine ENTCEND and lidocaine plus epinephrine. With these findings in rats, it is hypothesized that the temporary ENTD diplopia ENTDEND
0	ENTC bupivacaine hydrochloride ENTCEND  2.0% mepivacaine hydrochloride, and 2.0% lidocaine hydrochloride plus 1:100,000 epinephrine) were injected into the retrobulbar area of rat eyes. Controls were injected with physiological saline. All three anesthetics produced massive degeneration of the extraocular muscles. Muscle degeneration is followed by regeneration of the damaged muscle fibers. In addition to muscle damage, severe damage was also seen in harderian glands, especially after exposure to mepivacaine and lidocaine plus epinephrine. With these findings in rats, it is hypothesized that the temporary ENTD diplopia ENTDEND
0	ENTC ribonucleic acid ENTCEND  levels, prolactin signaling, and ENTD hyperprolactinemic ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperprolactinemia ENTDEND in a ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTC estradiol ENTCEND . ENTD Hyperprolactinemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperprolactinemia ENTDEND induced by the ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD hyperprolactinemia ENTDEND induced by the dopamine antagonist ENTC sulpiride ENTCEND
0	ENTC estrogen ENTCEND induced LH surge. Chronic ENTD hyperprolactinemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC captopril ENTCEND -induced renal insufficiency after prolonged use in an unusual case of ENTD renovascular hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTC captopril ENTCEND -induced renal insufficiency after prolonged use in an unusual case of renovascular hypertension.We report a case of severe ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
1	ENTD sudden deterioration of renal function ENTDEND following treatment with ENTC captopril ENTCEND
0	ENTC captopril ENTCEND induced ENTD renal failure ENTDEND
1	ENTC alfentanil ENTCEND induced ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND
0	ENTC DG-5128 ENTCEND [10 mg/kg], or; 6) saline. Baseline electromyographic activity was recorded from the gastrocnemius muscle before and after drug treatment. Each rat was then injected with alfentanil (ALF, 0.5 mg/kg sc). ALF injection resulted in a marked increase in hindlimb EMG activity in the L-MED treatment group which was indistinguishable from that seen in animals treated with saline. In contrast, D-MED prevented alfentanil-induced ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND
0	ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND caused by high-dose alfentanil anesthesia in the rat. Animals (n = 42) were treated intraperitoneally with one of the following six regimens: 1) L-MED (the inactive L-isomer of ENTC medetomidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC D-MED ENTCEND prevents the ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND
0	ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND caused by high-dose alfentanil anesthesia in the rat. Animals (n = 42) were treated intraperitoneally with one of the following six regimens: 1) L-MED (the inactive L-isomer of medetomidine), 30 micrograms/kg; 2) D-MED, 10 micrograms/kg; 3) D-MED, 30 micrograms/kg; 4) D-MED [30 micrograms/kg] and the central-acting alpha-2 antagonist, ENTC idazoxan ENTCEND
0	ENTC alfentanil ENTCEND induced muscle rigidity in a dose-dependent fashion. The small EMG values obtained in the high-dose D-MED group were comparable with those recorded in earlier studies from control animals not given any opiate. The high-dose D-MED animals were flaccid, akinetic, and lacked a ENTD startle ENTDEND
0	ENTC D-MED ENTCEND animals were flaccid, akinetic, and lacked a ENTD startle ENTDEND
0	ENTD muscle flaccidity ENTDEND and anesthesia in rats and dogs. Intense generalized muscle rigidity is an undesirable side effect of potent opiate agonists. Although the neurochemistry of opiate-induced rigidity has yet to be fully elucidated, recent work suggests a role for a central adrenergic mechanism. In the present study, the authors determined if treatment with D-MED prevents the muscle rigidity caused by high-dose ENTC alfentanil ENTCEND
0	ENTD muscle flaccidity ENTDEND and anesthesia in rats and dogs. Intense generalized muscle rigidity is an undesirable side effect of potent opiate agonists. Although the neurochemistry of opiate-induced rigidity has yet to be fully elucidated, recent work suggests a role for a central adrenergic mechanism. In the present study, the authors determined if treatment with D-MED prevents the muscle rigidity caused by high-dose alfentanil anesthesia in the rat. Animals (n = 42) were treated intraperitoneally with one of the following six regimens: 1) L-MED (the inactive L-isomer of medetomidine), 30 micrograms/kg; 2) D-MED, 10 micrograms/kg; 3) D-MED, 30 micrograms/kg; 4) D-MED [30 micrograms/kg] and the central-acting alpha-2 antagonist, idazoxan [10 mg/kg]; 5) D-MED [30 micrograms/kg] and the peripheral-acting alpha-2 antagonist ENTC DG-5128 ENTCEND
0	ENTD muscle flaccidity ENTDEND and anesthesia in rats and dogs. Intense generalized muscle rigidity is an undesirable side effect of potent opiate agonists. Although the neurochemistry of opiate-induced rigidity has yet to be fully elucidated, recent work suggests a role for a central adrenergic mechanism. In the present study, the authors determined if treatment with D-MED prevents the muscle rigidity caused by high-dose alfentanil anesthesia in the rat. Animals (n = 42) were treated intraperitoneally with one of the following six regimens: 1) L-MED (the inactive L-isomer of ENTC medetomidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC D-MED ENTCEND  is capable of inducing ENTD muscle flaccidity ENTDEND
0	ENTD muscle flaccidity ENTDEND and anesthesia in rats and dogs. Intense generalized muscle rigidity is an undesirable side effect of potent opiate agonists. Although the neurochemistry of opiate-induced rigidity has yet to be fully elucidated, recent work suggests a role for a central adrenergic mechanism. In the present study, the authors determined if treatment with D-MED prevents the muscle rigidity caused by high-dose alfentanil anesthesia in the rat. Animals (n = 42) were treated intraperitoneally with one of the following six regimens: 1) L-MED (the inactive L-isomer of medetomidine), 30 micrograms/kg; 2) D-MED, 10 micrograms/kg; 3) D-MED, 30 micrograms/kg; 4) D-MED [30 micrograms/kg] and the central-acting alpha-2 antagonist, ENTC idazoxan ENTCEND
0	ENTC alfentanil ENTCEND induced muscle rigidity in a dose-dependent fashion. The small EMG values obtained in the high-dose D-MED group were comparable with those recorded in earlier studies from control animals not given any opiate. The high-dose D-MED animals were flaccid, ENTD akinetic ENTDEND
0	ENTC D-MED ENTCEND animals were flaccid, ENTD akinetic ENTDEND
1	ENTD seizure ENTDEND activity due to 3-mercaptopropionic acid (MPA), bicuculline (BCC), ENTC methyl 6,7-dimethoxy-4-ethyl-B-carboline-3-carboxylate ENTCEND
1	ENTD seizure ENTDEND activity due to 3-mercaptopropionic acid (MPA), bicuculline (BCC), methyl 6,7-dimethoxy-4-ethyl-B-carboline-3-carboxylate (DMCM), or ENTC strychnine ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND . ENTC Gamma-hexachlorocyclohexane ENTCEND
1	ENTC PTZ ENTCEND induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC t-butyl bicyclo-orthobenzoate ENTCEND  binding at concentrations of 100 micron. The pharmacological challenge data suggest that tolerance may occur to ENTD seizure ENTDEND
1	ENTD seizure ENTDEND activity due to 3-mercaptopropionic acid (MPA), ENTC bicuculline ENTCEND
1	ENTD seizure ENTDEND activity due to ENTC 3-mercaptopropionic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND activity 24 h after gamma-HCH may be the ENTC GABA ENTCEND
1	ENTD Seizure ENTDEND activity due to PTZ and ENTC picrotoxin ENTCEND
1	ENTC Methotrexate ENTCEND  Etoposide and Cyclophosphamide were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive ENTD pulmonary obstruction ENTDEND
1	ENTC Cyclophosphamide ENTCEND were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive ENTD pulmonary obstruction ENTDEND
0	ENTC Cisplatin ENTCEND  On the first day of the schedule, moderate high doses of Methotrexate, Etoposide and Cyclophosphamide were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive ENTD pulmonary obstruction ENTDEND
0	ENTC Actomycin-D ENTCEND  and Cisplatin. On the first day of the schedule, moderate high doses of Methotrexate, Etoposide and Cyclophosphamide were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive ENTD pulmonary obstruction ENTDEND
1	ENTC Etoposide ENTCEND and Cyclophosphamide were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive ENTD pulmonary obstruction ENTDEND
0	ENTC Methotrexate ENTCEND  Etoposide and Cyclophosphamide were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive pulmonary obstruction due to choriocarcinomic tissue plugs, probably originating from the uterus. Formation of these plugs was probably due to extensive tumor necrosis at the level of the walls of the major uterine veins, which resulted in an open exchange of tumor plugs to the vascular spaces; decrease in tumor tissue coherence secondary to chemotherapy may have further contributed to the formation of tumor emboli. In view of the close time association between the start of chemotherapy and the acute onset of massive embolism other explanations, such as spontaneous necrosis, must be considered less likely. Patients with large ENTD pelvic tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC Cyclophosphamide ENTCEND were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive pulmonary obstruction due to choriocarcinomic tissue plugs, probably originating from the uterus. Formation of these plugs was probably due to extensive tumor necrosis at the level of the walls of the major uterine veins, which resulted in an open exchange of tumor plugs to the vascular spaces; decrease in tumor tissue coherence secondary to chemotherapy may have further contributed to the formation of tumor emboli. In view of the close time association between the start of chemotherapy and the acute onset of massive embolism other explanations, such as spontaneous necrosis, must be considered less likely. Patients with large ENTD pelvic tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC Cisplatin ENTCEND  On the first day of the schedule, moderate high doses of Methotrexate, Etoposide and Cyclophosphamide were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive pulmonary obstruction due to choriocarcinomic tissue plugs, probably originating from the uterus. Formation of these plugs was probably due to extensive tumor necrosis at the level of the walls of the major uterine veins, which resulted in an open exchange of tumor plugs to the vascular spaces; decrease in tumor tissue coherence secondary to chemotherapy may have further contributed to the formation of tumor emboli. In view of the close time association between the start of chemotherapy and the acute onset of massive embolism other explanations, such as spontaneous necrosis, must be considered less likely. Patients with large ENTD pelvic tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC Actomycin-D ENTCEND  and Cisplatin. On the first day of the schedule, moderate high doses of Methotrexate, Etoposide and Cyclophosphamide were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive pulmonary obstruction due to choriocarcinomic tissue plugs, probably originating from the uterus. Formation of these plugs was probably due to extensive tumor necrosis at the level of the walls of the major uterine veins, which resulted in an open exchange of tumor plugs to the vascular spaces; decrease in tumor tissue coherence secondary to chemotherapy may have further contributed to the formation of tumor emboli. In view of the close time association between the start of chemotherapy and the acute onset of massive embolism other explanations, such as spontaneous necrosis, must be considered less likely. Patients with large ENTD pelvic tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC Etoposide ENTCEND and Cyclophosphamide were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive pulmonary obstruction due to choriocarcinomic tissue plugs, probably originating from the uterus. Formation of these plugs was probably due to extensive tumor necrosis at the level of the walls of the major uterine veins, which resulted in an open exchange of tumor plugs to the vascular spaces; decrease in tumor tissue coherence secondary to chemotherapy may have further contributed to the formation of tumor emboli. In view of the close time association between the start of chemotherapy and the acute onset of massive embolism other explanations, such as spontaneous necrosis, must be considered less likely. Patients with large ENTD pelvic tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC Methotrexate ENTCEND  Etoposide and Cyclophosphamide were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive pulmonary obstruction due to choriocarcinomic tissue plugs, probably originating from the uterus. Formation of these plugs was probably due to extensive ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC Cyclophosphamide ENTCEND were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive pulmonary obstruction due to choriocarcinomic tissue plugs, probably originating from the uterus. Formation of these plugs was probably due to extensive ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC Cisplatin ENTCEND  On the first day of the schedule, moderate high doses of Methotrexate, Etoposide and Cyclophosphamide were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive pulmonary obstruction due to choriocarcinomic tissue plugs, probably originating from the uterus. Formation of these plugs was probably due to extensive ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC Actomycin-D ENTCEND  and Cisplatin. On the first day of the schedule, moderate high doses of Methotrexate, Etoposide and Cyclophosphamide were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive pulmonary obstruction due to choriocarcinomic tissue plugs, probably originating from the uterus. Formation of these plugs was probably due to extensive ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC Etoposide ENTCEND and Cyclophosphamide were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive pulmonary obstruction due to choriocarcinomic tissue plugs, probably originating from the uterus. Formation of these plugs was probably due to extensive ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTD choriocarcinoma ENTDEND  Based on this principle a 27-year old woman, classified as being in the high-risk group (Goldstein and Berkowitz score: 11), was treated with multiple cytotoxic drugs. The multiple drug schema consisted of: Etoposide 16.213, ENTC Methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTD choriocarcinoma ENTDEND  Based on this principle a 27-year old woman, classified as being in the high-risk group (Goldstein and Berkowitz score: 11), was treated with multiple cytotoxic drugs. The multiple drug schema consisted of: Etoposide 16.213, Methotrexate, ENTC Cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD choriocarcinoma ENTDEND  Based on this principle a 27-year old woman, classified as being in the high-risk group (Goldstein and Berkowitz score: 11), was treated with multiple cytotoxic drugs. The multiple drug schema consisted of: Etoposide 16.213, Methotrexate, Cyclophosphamide, Actomycin-D, and ENTC Cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD choriocarcinoma ENTDEND  Based on this principle a 27-year old woman, classified as being in the high-risk group (Goldstein and Berkowitz score: 11), was treated with multiple cytotoxic drugs. The multiple drug schema consisted of: Etoposide 16.213, Methotrexate, Cyclophosphamide, ENTC Actomycin-D ENTCEND
0	ENTD choriocarcinoma ENTDEND  Based on this principle a 27-year old woman, classified as being in the high-risk group (Goldstein and Berkowitz score: 11), was treated with multiple cytotoxic drugs. The multiple drug schema consisted of: ENTC Etoposide ENTCEND
0	ENTD Death ENTDEND  from chemotherapy in gestational trophoblastic disease.Multiple cytotoxic drug administration is the generally accepted treatment of patients with a high-risk stage of choriocarcinoma. Based on this principle a 27-year old woman, classified as being in the high-risk group (Goldstein and Berkowitz score: 11), was treated with multiple cytotoxic drugs. The multiple drug schema consisted of: Etoposide 16.213, ENTC Methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTD Death ENTDEND  from chemotherapy in gestational trophoblastic disease.Multiple cytotoxic drug administration is the generally accepted treatment of patients with a high-risk stage of choriocarcinoma. Based on this principle a 27-year old woman, classified as being in the high-risk group (Goldstein and Berkowitz score: 11), was treated with multiple cytotoxic drugs. The multiple drug schema consisted of: Etoposide 16.213, Methotrexate, ENTC Cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD Death ENTDEND  from chemotherapy in gestational trophoblastic disease.Multiple cytotoxic drug administration is the generally accepted treatment of patients with a high-risk stage of choriocarcinoma. Based on this principle a 27-year old woman, classified as being in the high-risk group (Goldstein and Berkowitz score: 11), was treated with multiple cytotoxic drugs. The multiple drug schema consisted of: Etoposide 16.213, Methotrexate, Cyclophosphamide, Actomycin-D, and ENTC Cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD Death ENTDEND  from chemotherapy in gestational trophoblastic disease.Multiple cytotoxic drug administration is the generally accepted treatment of patients with a high-risk stage of choriocarcinoma. Based on this principle a 27-year old woman, classified as being in the high-risk group (Goldstein and Berkowitz score: 11), was treated with multiple cytotoxic drugs. The multiple drug schema consisted of: Etoposide 16.213, Methotrexate, Cyclophosphamide, ENTC Actomycin-D ENTCEND
0	ENTD Death ENTDEND  from chemotherapy in gestational trophoblastic disease.Multiple cytotoxic drug administration is the generally accepted treatment of patients with a high-risk stage of choriocarcinoma. Based on this principle a 27-year old woman, classified as being in the high-risk group (Goldstein and Berkowitz score: 11), was treated with multiple cytotoxic drugs. The multiple drug schema consisted of: ENTC Etoposide ENTCEND
0	ENTC Methotrexate ENTCEND  Etoposide and Cyclophosphamide were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive pulmonary obstruction due to choriocarcinomic tissue plugs, probably originating from the uterus. Formation of these plugs was probably due to extensive tumor necrosis at the level of the walls of the major uterine veins, which resulted in an open exchange of tumor plugs to the vascular spaces; decrease in tumor tissue coherence secondary to chemotherapy may have further contributed to the formation of tumor emboli. In view of the close time association between the start of chemotherapy and the acute onset of massive ENTD embolism ENTDEND
0	ENTC Cyclophosphamide ENTCEND were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive pulmonary obstruction due to choriocarcinomic tissue plugs, probably originating from the uterus. Formation of these plugs was probably due to extensive tumor necrosis at the level of the walls of the major uterine veins, which resulted in an open exchange of tumor plugs to the vascular spaces; decrease in tumor tissue coherence secondary to chemotherapy may have further contributed to the formation of tumor emboli. In view of the close time association between the start of chemotherapy and the acute onset of massive ENTD embolism ENTDEND
0	ENTC Cisplatin ENTCEND  On the first day of the schedule, moderate high doses of Methotrexate, Etoposide and Cyclophosphamide were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive pulmonary obstruction due to choriocarcinomic tissue plugs, probably originating from the uterus. Formation of these plugs was probably due to extensive tumor necrosis at the level of the walls of the major uterine veins, which resulted in an open exchange of tumor plugs to the vascular spaces; decrease in tumor tissue coherence secondary to chemotherapy may have further contributed to the formation of tumor emboli. In view of the close time association between the start of chemotherapy and the acute onset of massive ENTD embolism ENTDEND
0	ENTC Actomycin-D ENTCEND  and Cisplatin. On the first day of the schedule, moderate high doses of Methotrexate, Etoposide and Cyclophosphamide were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive pulmonary obstruction due to choriocarcinomic tissue plugs, probably originating from the uterus. Formation of these plugs was probably due to extensive tumor necrosis at the level of the walls of the major uterine veins, which resulted in an open exchange of tumor plugs to the vascular spaces; decrease in tumor tissue coherence secondary to chemotherapy may have further contributed to the formation of tumor emboli. In view of the close time association between the start of chemotherapy and the acute onset of massive ENTD embolism ENTDEND
0	ENTC Etoposide ENTCEND and Cyclophosphamide were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive pulmonary obstruction due to choriocarcinomic tissue plugs, probably originating from the uterus. Formation of these plugs was probably due to extensive tumor necrosis at the level of the walls of the major uterine veins, which resulted in an open exchange of tumor plugs to the vascular spaces; decrease in tumor tissue coherence secondary to chemotherapy may have further contributed to the formation of tumor emboli. In view of the close time association between the start of chemotherapy and the acute onset of massive ENTD embolism ENTDEND
0	ENTC Methotrexate ENTCEND  Etoposide and Cyclophosphamide were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive pulmonary obstruction due to choriocarcinomic tissue plugs, probably originating from the uterus. Formation of these plugs was probably due to extensive tumor ENTD necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC Cyclophosphamide ENTCEND were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive pulmonary obstruction due to choriocarcinomic tissue plugs, probably originating from the uterus. Formation of these plugs was probably due to extensive tumor ENTD necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC Cisplatin ENTCEND  On the first day of the schedule, moderate high doses of Methotrexate, Etoposide and Cyclophosphamide were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive pulmonary obstruction due to choriocarcinomic tissue plugs, probably originating from the uterus. Formation of these plugs was probably due to extensive tumor ENTD necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC Actomycin-D ENTCEND  and Cisplatin. On the first day of the schedule, moderate high doses of Methotrexate, Etoposide and Cyclophosphamide were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive pulmonary obstruction due to choriocarcinomic tissue plugs, probably originating from the uterus. Formation of these plugs was probably due to extensive tumor ENTD necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC Etoposide ENTCEND and Cyclophosphamide were administered. Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive pulmonary obstruction due to choriocarcinomic tissue plugs, probably originating from the uterus. Formation of these plugs was probably due to extensive tumor ENTD necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD gestational trophoblastic disease ENTDEND .Multiple cytotoxic drug administration is the generally accepted treatment of patients with a high-risk stage of choriocarcinoma. Based on this principle a 27-year old woman, classified as being in the high-risk group (Goldstein and Berkowitz score: 11), was treated with multiple cytotoxic drugs. The multiple drug schema consisted of: Etoposide 16.213, ENTC Methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTD gestational trophoblastic disease ENTDEND .Multiple cytotoxic drug administration is the generally accepted treatment of patients with a high-risk stage of choriocarcinoma. Based on this principle a 27-year old woman, classified as being in the high-risk group (Goldstein and Berkowitz score: 11), was treated with multiple cytotoxic drugs. The multiple drug schema consisted of: Etoposide 16.213, Methotrexate, ENTC Cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD gestational trophoblastic disease ENTDEND .Multiple cytotoxic drug administration is the generally accepted treatment of patients with a high-risk stage of choriocarcinoma. Based on this principle a 27-year old woman, classified as being in the high-risk group (Goldstein and Berkowitz score: 11), was treated with multiple cytotoxic drugs. The multiple drug schema consisted of: Etoposide 16.213, Methotrexate, Cyclophosphamide, Actomycin-D, and ENTC Cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD gestational trophoblastic disease ENTDEND .Multiple cytotoxic drug administration is the generally accepted treatment of patients with a high-risk stage of choriocarcinoma. Based on this principle a 27-year old woman, classified as being in the high-risk group (Goldstein and Berkowitz score: 11), was treated with multiple cytotoxic drugs. The multiple drug schema consisted of: Etoposide 16.213, Methotrexate, Cyclophosphamide, ENTC Actomycin-D ENTCEND
0	ENTD gestational trophoblastic disease ENTDEND .Multiple cytotoxic drug administration is the generally accepted treatment of patients with a high-risk stage of choriocarcinoma. Based on this principle a 27-year old woman, classified as being in the high-risk group (Goldstein and Berkowitz score: 11), was treated with multiple cytotoxic drugs. The multiple drug schema consisted of: ENTC Etoposide ENTCEND
0	ENTC bicuculline ENTCEND  conditions designed to increase excitability in the slices, electrical stimulation of the hilus resulted in a single population spike in granule cells from control mice and pilocarpine-treated mice that did not experience ENTD SE ENTDEND
0	ENTC Mg ENTCEND 2+)-free bathing medium containing bicuculline, conditions designed to increase excitability in the slices, electrical stimulation of the hilus resulted in a single population spike in granule cells from control mice and pilocarpine-treated mice that did not experience ENTD SE ENTDEND
1	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND injection causes ENTD status epilepticus ENTDEND
0	ENTC glutamate ENTCEND photostimulation of the granule cell layer at sites distant from the recording pipette resulted in population responses of 1-30 s duration in slices from ENTD SE ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND and mossy fiber sprouting in C57BL/6 and CD1 mice, but the physiological correlates of these events have not been identified in mice. Population responses in granule cells of the dentate gyrus were examined in transverse slices of the ventral hippocampus from pilocarpine-treated and untreated mice. In Mg(2+)-free bathing medium containing ENTC bicuculline ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND and mossy fiber sprouting in C57BL/6 and CD1 mice, but the physiological correlates of these events have not been identified in mice. Population responses in granule cells of the dentate gyrus were examined in transverse slices of the ventral hippocampus from pilocarpine-treated and untreated mice. In ENTC Mg ENTCEND
1	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND injection causes status epilepticus (SE) and the eventual development of spontaneous ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC glutamate ENTCEND photostimulation of the granule cell layer at sites distant from the recording pipette resulted in population responses of 1-30 s duration in slices from SE survivors but not other groups. These data support the hypothesis that SE-induced mossy fiber sprouting and synaptic reorganization are relevant characteristics of ENTD seizure ENTDEND
0	ENTD temporal lobe epilepsy ENTDEND .Similar to rats, systemic pilocarpine injection causes status epilepticus (SE) and the eventual development of spontaneous seizures and mossy fiber sprouting in C57BL/6 and CD1 mice, but the physiological correlates of these events have not been identified in mice. Population responses in granule cells of the dentate gyrus were examined in transverse slices of the ventral hippocampus from pilocarpine-treated and untreated mice. In Mg(2+)-free bathing medium containing ENTC bicuculline ENTCEND
0	ENTD temporal lobe epilepsy ENTDEND .Similar to rats, systemic pilocarpine injection causes status epilepticus (SE) and the eventual development of spontaneous seizures and mossy fiber sprouting in C57BL/6 and CD1 mice, but the physiological correlates of these events have not been identified in mice. Population responses in granule cells of the dentate gyrus were examined in transverse slices of the ventral hippocampus from pilocarpine-treated and untreated mice. In ENTC Mg ENTCEND
0	ENTD temporal lobe epilepsy ENTDEND .Similar to rats, systemic ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND
0	ENTC glutamate ENTCEND photostimulation of the granule cell layer at sites distant from the recording pipette resulted in population responses of 1-30 s duration in slices from SE survivors but not other groups. These data support the hypothesis that SE-induced mossy fiber sprouting and synaptic reorganization are relevant characteristics of seizure development in these murine strains, resembling rat models of human ENTD temporal lobe epilepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND in absence of glomerulosclerosis. HP failed to accentuante progression of renal failure and in fact tended to increase GFR and decrease plasma ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
1	ENTC Lithium ENTCEND also caused proteinuria and systolic ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND and systolic hypertension in absence of glomerulosclerosis. HP failed to accentuante progression of renal failure and in fact tended to increase GFR and decrease plasma ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
1	ENTC Lithium ENTCEND also caused ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal failure ENTDEND and in fact tended to increase GFR and decrease plasma ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal failure ENTDEND  Newborn female Wistar rats were fed a ENTC lithium ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND levels in lithium pretreated rats. NX caused an additive deterioration in GFR which, however, was ameliorated by HP. NX+HP caused a further rise in blood pressure in Li-pretreated rats. The results indicate that Li-induced ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC Li ENTCEND induced ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND levels in lithium pretreated rats. NX caused an additive deterioration in GFR which, however, was ameliorated by HP. NX+HP caused a further rise in blood pressure in Li-pretreated rats. The results indicate that Li-induced nephropathy, even when the GFR is only modestly reduced, is associated with proteinuria and arterial systolic hypertension. In this model of ENTD chronic renal failure ENTDEND
1	ENTC lithium ENTCEND -induced ENTD chronic renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD glomerulosclerosis ENTDEND  HP failed to accentuante progression of renal failure and in fact tended to increase GFR and decrease plasma ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Lithium ENTCEND also caused proteinuria and systolic hypertension in absence of ENTD glomerulosclerosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD reduces frontal lobe oxygenation ENTDEND  following anesthesia-induced hypotension.BACKGROUND: Vasopressor agents are used to correct anesthesia-induced hypotension. We describe the effect of phenylephrine and ephedrine on frontal lobe oxygenation (S(c)O(2)) following anesthesia-induced hypotension. METHODS: Following induction of anesthesia by fentanyl (0.15 mg kg(-1)) and ENTC propofol ENTCEND
1	ENTC Phenylephrine ENTCEND  but not ephedrine ENTD reduces frontal lobe oxygenation ENTDEND
0	ENTC ephedrine ENTCEND ENTD reduces frontal lobe oxygenation ENTDEND
0	ENTD reduces frontal lobe oxygenation ENTDEND  following anesthesia-induced hypotension.BACKGROUND: Vasopressor agents are used to correct anesthesia-induced hypotension. We describe the effect of phenylephrine and ephedrine on frontal lobe oxygenation (S(c)O(2)) following anesthesia-induced hypotension. METHODS: Following induction of anesthesia by ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND
1	ENTC propofol ENTCEND (2.0 mg kg(-1)), 13 patients received phenylephrine (0.1 mg iv) and 12 patients received ephedrine (10 mg iv) to restore mean arterial pressure (MAP). Heart rate (HR), MAP, stroke volume (SV), cardiac output (CO), and frontal lobe oxygenation (S(c)O(2)) were registered. RESULTS: Induction of anesthesia was followed by ENTD a decrease in MAP, HR, SV, and CO ENTDEND
0	ENTD a decrease in MAP, HR, SV, and CO ENTDEND concomitant with an elevation in S(c)O(2). After administration of ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTC ephedrine ENTCEND (10 mg iv) to restore mean arterial pressure (MAP). Heart rate (HR), MAP, stroke volume (SV), cardiac output (CO), and frontal lobe oxygenation (S(c)O(2)) were registered. RESULTS: Induction of anesthesia was followed by ENTD a decrease in MAP, HR, SV, and CO ENTDEND
1	ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND (0.15 mg kg(-1)) and propofol (2.0 mg kg(-1)), 13 patients received phenylephrine (0.1 mg iv) and 12 patients received ephedrine (10 mg iv) to restore mean arterial pressure (MAP). Heart rate (HR), MAP, stroke volume (SV), cardiac output (CO), and frontal lobe oxygenation (S(c)O(2)) were registered. RESULTS: Induction of anesthesia was followed by ENTD a decrease in MAP, HR, SV, and CO ENTDEND
1	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND  METHODS: Following induction of anesthesia by fentanyl (0.15 mg kg(-1)) and ENTC propofol ENTCEND
0	ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND to correct ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND  We describe the effect of phenylephrine and ENTC ephedrine ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND  METHODS: Following induction of anesthesia by ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND
0	ENTC propofol ENTCEND (2.0 mg kg(-1)), 13 patients received phenylephrine (0.1 mg iv) and 12 patients received ephedrine (10 mg iv) to restore mean arterial pressure (MAP). Heart rate (HR), MAP, ENTD stroke ENTDEND
0	ENTC phenylephrine ENTCEND (0.1 mg iv) and 12 patients received ephedrine (10 mg iv) to restore mean arterial pressure (MAP). Heart rate (HR), MAP, ENTD stroke ENTDEND
0	ENTC ephedrine ENTCEND (10 mg iv) to restore mean arterial pressure (MAP). Heart rate (HR), MAP, ENTD stroke ENTDEND
0	ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND (0.15 mg kg(-1)) and propofol (2.0 mg kg(-1)), 13 patients received phenylephrine (0.1 mg iv) and 12 patients received ephedrine (10 mg iv) to restore mean arterial pressure (MAP). Heart rate (HR), MAP, ENTD stroke ENTDEND
0	ENTC vitamin K ENTCEND antagonist Warfarin are also known to cause calcification of the artery media, but at treatment times of 2 weeks or longer yet not at 1 week. In the current study, we investigated the synergy between these 2 treatments and found that concurrent Warfarin administration dramatically increased the extent of ENTD calcification ENTDEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND produced by vitamin D, the synergy between Warfarin and vitamin D is probably best explained by the hypothesis that Warfarin inhibits the activity of matrix Gla protein as a ENTD calcification ENTDEND
0	ENTD calcification ENTDEND in the media of ENTC vitamin D ENTCEND
0	ENTC Warfarin ENTCEND inhibits the activity of matrix Gla protein as a ENTD calcification ENTDEND
0	ENTC phosphate ENTCEND levels. The second set of experiments examined the possible synergy between vitamin D and Warfarin in artery calcification. High doses of vitamin D are known to cause calcification of the artery media in as little as 3 to 4 days. High doses of the vitamin K antagonist Warfarin are also known to cause calcification of the artery media, but at treatment times of 2 weeks or longer yet not at 1 week. In the current study, we investigated the synergy between these 2 treatments and found that concurrent Warfarin administration dramatically increased the extent of ENTD calcification ENTDEND
0	ENTC gamma-carboxyglutamate ENTCEND residues of matrix Gla protein are apparently required for its function as a ENTD calcification ENTDEND
0	ENTC vitamin K ENTCEND antagonist Warfarin are also known to cause ENTD calcification of the artery ENTDEND
0	ENTD artery calcification ENTDEND through its effect on serum ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC vitamin D ENTCEND dose on ENTD artery calcification ENTDEND
1	ENTD artery calcification ENTDEND in ENTC Warfarin ENTCEND
0	ENTC phosphate ENTCEND and susceptibility to ENTD artery calcification ENTDEND
0	ENTD artery calcification ENTDEND in rats treated with vitamin D plus Warfarin, and chemical analysis showed that the protein that accumulated was indeed not ENTC gamma-carboxylated ENTCEND
0	ENTC CYP ENTCEND  This shift in balance may contribute to increased ENTD bladder dysfunction ENTDEND
1	ENTC CYP ENTCEND induced ENTD cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD irritability ENTDEND  and sleeping difficulties after the therapeutic administration of ENTC isoniazid ENTCEND
0	ENTD irritability ENTDEND  and sleeping difficulties after the therapeutic administration of isoniazid. The administration of pharmacologic doses of pyridoxine hydrochloride led to a disappearance of symptoms. After discontinuing isoniazid therapy a similar pattern of behavior was noted that was controlled by pyridoxine. A placebo had no effect, but niacinamide was as effective as pyridoxine. Periodic withdrawal of pyridoxine was associated with return of the hyperkinesis. The level of ENTC pyridoxal ENTCEND
0	ENTC pyridoxine ENTCEND -dependent behavioral disorder unmasked by isoniazid.A 3-year-old girl had behavioral deterioration, with hyperkinesis, ENTD irritability ENTDEND
0	ENTD irritability ENTDEND  and sleeping difficulties after the therapeutic administration of isoniazid. The administration of pharmacologic doses of pyridoxine hydrochloride led to a disappearance of symptoms. After discontinuing isoniazid therapy a similar pattern of behavior was noted that was controlled by pyridoxine. A placebo had no effect, but ENTC niacinamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD sleeping difficulties ENTDEND after the therapeutic administration of ENTC isoniazid ENTCEND
0	ENTD sleeping difficulties ENTDEND after the therapeutic administration of isoniazid. The administration of pharmacologic doses of pyridoxine hydrochloride led to a disappearance of symptoms. After discontinuing isoniazid therapy a similar pattern of behavior was noted that was controlled by pyridoxine. A placebo had no effect, but niacinamide was as effective as pyridoxine. Periodic withdrawal of pyridoxine was associated with return of the hyperkinesis. The level of ENTC pyridoxal ENTCEND
0	ENTD sleeping difficulties ENTDEND after the therapeutic administration of isoniazid. The administration of pharmacologic doses of ENTC pyridoxine hydrochloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD sleeping difficulties ENTDEND after the therapeutic administration of isoniazid. The administration of pharmacologic doses of pyridoxine hydrochloride led to a disappearance of symptoms. After discontinuing isoniazid therapy a similar pattern of behavior was noted that was controlled by pyridoxine. A placebo had no effect, but ENTC niacinamide ENTCEND
1	ENTC isoniazid ENTCEND .A 3-year-old girl had behavioral deterioration, with ENTD hyperkinesis ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperkinesis ENTDEND  The level of pyridoxal in the blood was normal during the periods of relapse. Metabolic studies suggested a block in the kynurenine pathway of ENTC tryptophan ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperkinesis ENTDEND  The level of ENTC pyridoxal ENTCEND
0	ENTC pyridoxine ENTCEND was associated with return of the ENTD hyperkinesis ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperkinesis ENTDEND  The level of pyridoxal in the blood was normal during the periods of relapse. Metabolic studies suggested a block in the ENTC kynurenine ENTCEND
0	ENTC niacinamide ENTCEND was as effective as pyridoxine. Periodic withdrawal of pyridoxine was associated with return of the ENTD hyperkinesis ENTDEND
1	ENTD behavioral disorder ENTDEND  unmasked by ENTC isoniazid ENTCEND
0	ENTD behavioral deterioration ENTDEND  with hyperkinesis, irritability, and sleeping difficulties after the therapeutic administration of isoniazid. The administration of pharmacologic doses of pyridoxine hydrochloride led to a disappearance of symptoms. After discontinuing isoniazid therapy a similar pattern of behavior was noted that was controlled by pyridoxine. A placebo had no effect, but niacinamide was as effective as pyridoxine. Periodic withdrawal of pyridoxine was associated with return of the hyperkinesis. The level of ENTC pyridoxal ENTCEND
0	ENTC pyridoxine ENTCEND -dependent ENTD behavioral disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTD behavioral deterioration ENTDEND  with hyperkinesis, irritability, and sleeping difficulties after the therapeutic administration of isoniazid. The administration of pharmacologic doses of pyridoxine hydrochloride led to a disappearance of symptoms. After discontinuing isoniazid therapy a similar pattern of behavior was noted that was controlled by pyridoxine. A placebo had no effect, but ENTC niacinamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC hexamethonium chloride ENTCEND (20 mg/kg). The evoked increases in dural blood flow were also abolished by topical pre-administration of atropine (1 mm) and [Lys1, Pro2,5, Arg3,4, Tyr6]-VIP (0.1 mm), a vasoactive intestinal polypeptide (VIP) antagonist, onto the exposed dura mater. We conclude that noxious stimulation of facial mucosa increases intracranial blood flow and lacrimation via a trigemino-parasympathetic reflex. The blood flow responses seem to be mediated by the release of acetylcholine and VIP within the meninges. Similar mechanisms may be involved in the pathogenesis of ENTD cluster headache ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND and VIP within the meninges. Similar mechanisms may be involved in the pathogenesis of ENTD cluster headache ENTDEND
0	ENTD Cluster headache ENTDEND is characterized by typical autonomic dysfunctions including facial and intracranial vascular disturbances. Both the trigeminal and the cranial parasympathetic systems may be involved in mediating these dysfunctions. An experimental model was developed in the rat to measure changes in lacrimation and intracranial blood flow following noxious chemical stimulation of facial mucosa. Blood flow was monitored in arteries of the exposed cranial dura mater and the parietal cortex using laser Doppler flowmetry. ENTC Capsaicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC atropine ENTCEND (1 mm) and [Lys1, Pro2,5, Arg3,4, Tyr6]-VIP (0.1 mm), a vasoactive intestinal polypeptide (VIP) antagonist, onto the exposed dura mater. We conclude that noxious stimulation of facial mucosa increases intracranial blood flow and lacrimation via a trigemino-parasympathetic reflex. The blood flow responses seem to be mediated by the release of acetylcholine and VIP within the meninges. Similar mechanisms may be involved in the pathogenesis of ENTD cluster headache ENTDEND
0	ENTC hexamethonium chloride ENTCEND (20 mg/kg). The evoked ENTD increases in dural blood flow ENTDEND
0	ENTD increases in dural blood flow ENTDEND were also abolished by topical pre-administration of atropine (1 mm) and [Lys1, Pro2,5, Arg3,4, Tyr6]-VIP (0.1 mm), a vasoactive intestinal polypeptide (VIP) antagonist, onto the exposed dura mater. We conclude that noxious stimulation of facial mucosa increases intracranial blood flow and lacrimation via a trigemino-parasympathetic reflex. The blood flow responses seem to be mediated by the release of ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
1	ENTC Capsaicin ENTCEND (0.01-1 mm) applied to oral or nasal mucosa induced ENTD increases in dural and cortical blood flow ENTDEND
0	ENTD increases in dural blood flow ENTDEND were also abolished by topical pre-administration of ENTC atropine ENTCEND
0	ENTD intracranial vascular disturbances ENTDEND  Both the trigeminal and the cranial parasympathetic systems may be involved in mediating these dysfunctions. An experimental model was developed in the rat to measure changes in lacrimation and intracranial blood flow following noxious chemical stimulation of facial mucosa. Blood flow was monitored in arteries of the exposed cranial dura mater and the parietal cortex using laser Doppler flowmetry. Capsaicin (0.01-1 mm) applied to oral or nasal mucosa induced increases in dural and cortical blood flow and provoked lacrimation. These responses were blocked by systemic pre-administration of ENTC hexamethonium chloride ENTCEND
1	ENTD intracranial vascular disturbances ENTDEND  Both the trigeminal and the cranial parasympathetic systems may be involved in mediating these dysfunctions. An experimental model was developed in the rat to measure changes in lacrimation and intracranial blood flow following noxious chemical stimulation of facial mucosa. Blood flow was monitored in arteries of the exposed cranial dura mater and the parietal cortex using laser Doppler flowmetry. ENTC Capsaicin ENTCEND
1	ENTD dilated cardiomyopathy ENTDEND  related to ENTC amphotericin B ENTCEND
0	ENTD dilated cardiomyopathy ENTDEND and clinical congestive heart failure after 2 months of therapy with amphotericin B (AmB) for disseminated coccidioidomycosis. His echocardiographic abnormalities and heart failure resolved after ENTC posaconazole ENTCEND
1	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND after 2 months of therapy with ENTC amphotericin B ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND resolved after ENTC posaconazole ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of ENTC AmB ENTCEND
0	ENTC posaconazole ENTCEND was substituted for AmB. It is important to recognize the rare and potentially reversible ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC AmB ENTCEND  for disseminated ENTD coccidioidomycosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD coccidioidomycosis ENTDEND  His echocardiographic abnormalities and heart failure resolved after ENTC posaconazole ENTCEND
1	ENTC vigabatrin ENTCEND attributed ENTD visual field loss ENTDEND
0	ENTC Coenzyme Q10 ENTCEND significantly compensated deficits in the antioxidant defense mechanisms (reduced glutathione level and superoxide dismutase activity), suppressed lipid peroxidation, decreased the elevations of ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTD tumor ENTDEND necrosis factor-alpha, nitric oxide and platinum ion concentration, and attenuated the reductions of selenium and zinc ions in renal tissue resulted from ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC blood urea nitrogen ENTCEND and serum creatinine levels which were increased by cisplatin. Coenzyme Q10 significantly compensated deficits in the antioxidant defense mechanisms (reduced glutathione level and superoxide dismutase activity), suppressed lipid peroxidation, decreased the elevations of ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTD tumor ENTDEND necrosis factor-alpha, ENTC nitric oxide ENTCEND
0	ENTD tumor ENTDEND necrosis factor-alpha, nitric oxide and platinum ion concentration, and attenuated the reductions of selenium and ENTC zinc ENTCEND
0	ENTD tumor ENTDEND necrosis factor-alpha, nitric oxide and ENTC platinum ENTCEND
0	ENTD tumor ENTDEND necrosis factor-alpha, nitric oxide and platinum ion concentration, and attenuated the reductions of ENTC selenium ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND levels which were increased by cisplatin. Coenzyme Q10 significantly compensated deficits in the antioxidant defense mechanisms (reduced glutathione level and superoxide dismutase activity), suppressed lipid peroxidation, decreased the elevations of ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC reduced glutathione ENTCEND level and superoxide dismutase activity), suppressed lipid peroxidation, decreased the elevations of ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC superoxide ENTCEND dismutase activity), suppressed lipid peroxidation, decreased the elevations of ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC coenzyme Q10 ENTCEND was investigated in mice with ENTD acute renal injury ENTDEND
1	ENTD acute renal injury ENTDEND induced by a single i.p. injection of ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal injury ENTDEND induced by a single i.p. injection of cisplatin (5 mg/kg). Coenzyme Q10 treatment (10 mg/kg/day, i.p.) was applied for 6 consecutive days, starting 1 day before cisplatin administration. Coenzyme Q10 significantly reduced ENTC blood urea nitrogen ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal injury ENTDEND induced by a single i.p. injection of cisplatin (5 mg/kg). Coenzyme Q10 treatment (10 mg/kg/day, i.p.) was applied for 6 consecutive days, starting 1 day before cisplatin administration. Coenzyme Q10 significantly reduced blood urea nitrogen and serum creatinine levels which were increased by cisplatin. Coenzyme Q10 significantly compensated deficits in the antioxidant defense mechanisms (reduced glutathione level and superoxide dismutase activity), suppressed lipid peroxidation, decreased the elevations of tumor necrosis factor-alpha, ENTC nitric oxide ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal injury ENTDEND induced by a single i.p. injection of cisplatin (5 mg/kg). Coenzyme Q10 treatment (10 mg/kg/day, i.p.) was applied for 6 consecutive days, starting 1 day before cisplatin administration. Coenzyme Q10 significantly reduced blood urea nitrogen and serum creatinine levels which were increased by cisplatin. Coenzyme Q10 significantly compensated deficits in the antioxidant defense mechanisms (reduced glutathione level and superoxide dismutase activity), suppressed lipid peroxidation, decreased the elevations of tumor necrosis factor-alpha, nitric oxide and platinum ion concentration, and attenuated the reductions of selenium and ENTC zinc ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal injury ENTDEND induced by a single i.p. injection of cisplatin (5 mg/kg). Coenzyme Q10 treatment (10 mg/kg/day, i.p.) was applied for 6 consecutive days, starting 1 day before cisplatin administration. Coenzyme Q10 significantly reduced blood urea nitrogen and serum creatinine levels which were increased by cisplatin. Coenzyme Q10 significantly compensated deficits in the antioxidant defense mechanisms (reduced glutathione level and superoxide dismutase activity), suppressed lipid peroxidation, decreased the elevations of tumor necrosis factor-alpha, nitric oxide and ENTC platinum ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal injury ENTDEND induced by a single i.p. injection of cisplatin (5 mg/kg). Coenzyme Q10 treatment (10 mg/kg/day, i.p.) was applied for 6 consecutive days, starting 1 day before cisplatin administration. Coenzyme Q10 significantly reduced blood urea nitrogen and serum creatinine levels which were increased by cisplatin. Coenzyme Q10 significantly compensated deficits in the antioxidant defense mechanisms (reduced glutathione level and superoxide dismutase activity), suppressed lipid peroxidation, decreased the elevations of tumor necrosis factor-alpha, nitric oxide and platinum ion concentration, and attenuated the reductions of ENTC selenium ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal injury ENTDEND induced by a single i.p. injection of cisplatin (5 mg/kg). Coenzyme Q10 treatment (10 mg/kg/day, i.p.) was applied for 6 consecutive days, starting 1 day before cisplatin administration. Coenzyme Q10 significantly reduced blood urea nitrogen and serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal injury ENTDEND induced by a single i.p. injection of cisplatin (5 mg/kg). Coenzyme Q10 treatment (10 mg/kg/day, i.p.) was applied for 6 consecutive days, starting 1 day before cisplatin administration. Coenzyme Q10 significantly reduced blood urea nitrogen and serum creatinine levels which were increased by cisplatin. Coenzyme Q10 significantly compensated deficits in the antioxidant defense mechanisms ( ENTC reduced glutathione ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal injury ENTDEND induced by a single i.p. injection of cisplatin (5 mg/kg). Coenzyme Q10 treatment (10 mg/kg/day, i.p.) was applied for 6 consecutive days, starting 1 day before cisplatin administration. Coenzyme Q10 significantly reduced blood urea nitrogen and serum creatinine levels which were increased by cisplatin. Coenzyme Q10 significantly compensated deficits in the antioxidant defense mechanisms (reduced glutathione level and ENTC superoxide ENTCEND
0	ENTC Coenzyme Q10 ENTCEND significantly compensated deficits in the antioxidant defense mechanisms (reduced glutathione level and superoxide dismutase activity), suppressed lipid peroxidation, decreased the elevations of tumor ENTD necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD necrosis ENTDEND factor-alpha, nitric oxide and platinum ion concentration, and attenuated the reductions of selenium and zinc ions in renal tissue resulted from ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC blood urea nitrogen ENTCEND and serum creatinine levels which were increased by cisplatin. Coenzyme Q10 significantly compensated deficits in the antioxidant defense mechanisms (reduced glutathione level and superoxide dismutase activity), suppressed lipid peroxidation, decreased the elevations of tumor ENTD necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD necrosis ENTDEND factor-alpha, ENTC nitric oxide ENTCEND
0	ENTD necrosis ENTDEND factor-alpha, nitric oxide and platinum ion concentration, and attenuated the reductions of selenium and ENTC zinc ENTCEND
0	ENTD necrosis ENTDEND factor-alpha, nitric oxide and ENTC platinum ENTCEND
0	ENTD necrosis ENTDEND factor-alpha, nitric oxide and platinum ion concentration, and attenuated the reductions of ENTC selenium ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND levels which were increased by cisplatin. Coenzyme Q10 significantly compensated deficits in the antioxidant defense mechanisms (reduced glutathione level and superoxide dismutase activity), suppressed lipid peroxidation, decreased the elevations of tumor ENTD necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC reduced glutathione ENTCEND level and superoxide dismutase activity), suppressed lipid peroxidation, decreased the elevations of tumor ENTD necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC superoxide ENTCEND dismutase activity), suppressed lipid peroxidation, decreased the elevations of tumor ENTD necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC Coenzyme Q10 ENTCEND  treatment ameliorates acute cisplatin ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND  in mice.The nephroprotective effect of coenzyme Q10 was investigated in mice with acute renal injury induced by a single i.p. injection of cisplatin (5 mg/kg). Coenzyme Q10 treatment (10 mg/kg/day, i.p.) was applied for 6 consecutive days, starting 1 day before cisplatin administration. Coenzyme Q10 significantly reduced ENTC blood urea nitrogen ENTCEND
0	ENTC nitric oxide ENTCEND and platinum ion concentration, and attenuated the reductions of selenium and zinc ions in renal tissue resulted from cisplatin administration. Also, histopathological ENTD renal tissue damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC zinc ENTCEND ions in renal tissue resulted from cisplatin administration. Also, histopathological ENTD renal tissue damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC platinum ENTCEND ion concentration, and attenuated the reductions of selenium and zinc ions in renal tissue resulted from cisplatin administration. Also, histopathological ENTD renal tissue damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC selenium ENTCEND and zinc ions in renal tissue resulted from cisplatin administration. Also, histopathological ENTD renal tissue damage ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND  in mice.The nephroprotective effect of coenzyme Q10 was investigated in mice with acute renal injury induced by a single i.p. injection of cisplatin (5 mg/kg). Coenzyme Q10 treatment (10 mg/kg/day, i.p.) was applied for 6 consecutive days, starting 1 day before cisplatin administration. Coenzyme Q10 significantly reduced blood urea nitrogen and serum ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTC reduced glutathione ENTCEND level and superoxide dismutase activity), suppressed lipid peroxidation, decreased the elevations of tumor necrosis factor-alpha, nitric oxide and platinum ion concentration, and attenuated the reductions of selenium and zinc ions in renal tissue resulted from cisplatin administration. Also, histopathological ENTD renal tissue damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC superoxide ENTCEND dismutase activity), suppressed lipid peroxidation, decreased the elevations of tumor necrosis factor-alpha, nitric oxide and platinum ion concentration, and attenuated the reductions of selenium and zinc ions in renal tissue resulted from cisplatin administration. Also, histopathological ENTD renal tissue damage ENTDEND
1	ENTC metoclopramide ENTCEND . ENTD Abnormal involuntary movements ENTDEND
0	ENTC metoclopramide ENTCEND for ENTD gastrointestinal disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal tubular dysfunction ENTDEND  an increased urinary N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase (NAG) activity might reflect increased lysosomal activity in renal tubular cells. METHODS: ENTC Puromycin aminonucleoside ENTCEND
1	ENTC PAN ENTCEND  was administered to Sprague Dawley rats to induce ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
1	ENTC phenobarbital ENTCEND  the ENTD dyskinesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Phenobarbital ENTCEND -induced dyskinesia in a ENTD neurologically-impaired ENTDEND
0	ENTC phenobarbital ENTCEND therapy for ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC phenobarbital ENTCEND therapy for seizures. Known causes of ENTD movement disorders ENTDEND
1	ENTD intrauterine growth retardation ENTDEND  and increase of external and skeletal variations were found in rats treated with the highest dose of ENTC piroxicam ENTCEND
1	ENTD intrauterine growth retardation ENTDEND  and increase of external and skeletal variations were found in rats treated with the highest dose of piroxicam. Decrease of fetal length was the only signs of the ENTC DFU ENTCEND
0	ENTD ventricular septal (VSD) and midline (MD) defects ENTDEND was performed for rat fetuses exposed to ENTC piroxicam ENTCEND
0	ENTC DFU ENTCEND  piroxicam was also highly toxic to the dams. Prenatal exposure to selective COX-2 inhibitors does not increase the risk of ENTD ventricular septal and midline defects ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of the non-selective ( ENTC piroxicam ENTCEND
0	ENTC DFU ENTCEND developmental ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTD increase of external and skeletal variations ENTDEND were found in rats treated with the highest dose of ENTC piroxicam ENTCEND
0	ENTD increase of external and skeletal variations ENTDEND were found in rats treated with the highest dose of piroxicam. Decrease of fetal length was the only signs of the ENTC DFU ENTCEND
0	ENTD ventricular septal (VSD) and midline (MD) defects ENTDEND was performed for rat fetuses exposed to ENTC piroxicam ENTCEND
0	ENTC DFU ENTCEND  piroxicam was also highly toxic to the dams. Prenatal exposure to selective COX-2 inhibitors does not increase the risk of ENTD ventricular septal and midline defects ENTDEND
0	ENTD Erectile Dysfunction ENTDEND Inventory of Treatment Satisfaction (EDITS) (secondary outcome measures). Participants were followed biweekly during study period. RESULTS: After 12 weeks of treatment, the mean (sd) scores for CGI-SF were significantly lower, i.e. better, in patients on ENTC bupropion ENTCEND
1	ENTC SSRI ENTCEND  The men were randomly assigned to bupropion SR (150 mg twice daily, 117) or placebo (twice daily, 117) for 12 weeks. Efficacy was evaluated using the Clinical Global Impression-Sexual Function (CGI-SF; the primary outcome measure), the International Index of Erectile Function (IIEF), Arizona Sexual Experience Scale (ASEX), and ENTD Erectile Dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC bupropion ENTCEND  on male ENTD sexual dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC SSRI ENTCEND , as ENTD SD ENTDEND
0	ENTC Amiodarone ENTCEND represents an effective antiarrhythmic drug for cardioversion of recent-onset ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND
1	ENTD low back pain ENTDEND  during intravenous administration of ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
1	ENTD Visual hallucinations ENTDEND  associated with ENTC zonisamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC Zonisamide ENTCEND is a broad-spectrum antiepileptic drug used to treat various types of ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC zonisamide ENTCEND treatment was begun or its dosage increased. All three had been diagnosed earlier with ENTD epilepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC betaxolol ENTCEND could be less of a ENTD depression ENTDEND
1	ENTD depression ENTDEND inducer than ENTC timolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD sexual dysfunction ENTDEND have been related to side effects of topical beta-blockers. We performed a preliminary study in order to determine any difference between a non selective beta-blocker (timolol) and a selective beta-blocker ( ENTC betaxolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD sexual dysfunction ENTDEND have been related to side effects of topical beta-blockers. We performed a preliminary study in order to determine any difference between a non selective beta-blocker ( ENTC timolol ENTCEND
0	ENTC betaxolol ENTCEND  regarding CNS side effects. Eight ENTD glaucomatous ENTDEND
0	ENTD glaucomatous ENTDEND patients chronically treated with ENTC timolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD fungal infection ENTDEND  RESULTS: Patients receiving concomitant ENTC AmB ENTCEND
0	ENTD fungal infection ENTDEND  RESULTS: Patients receiving concomitant AmB and spironolactone had significantly higher plasma ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTD fungal infection ENTDEND  RESULTS: Patients receiving concomitant AmB and ENTC spironolactone ENTCEND
1	ENTC amphotericin B ENTCEND -related ENTD hypokalemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypokalemia ENTDEND by reducing urinary ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTC spironolactone ENTCEND can reduce potassium requirements and prevent ENTD hypokalemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC amphotericin B ENTCEND -related hypokalemia in ENTD cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTD cancer ENTDEND  patients?OBJECTIVE: Nephrotoxicity is the major adverse effect of amphotericin B (AmB), often limiting administration of full dosage. Selective distal tubular epithelial toxicity seems to be responsible for the profound ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTC Spironolactone ENTCEND : is it a novel drug for the prevention of amphotericin B-related hypokalemia in ENTD cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of ENTC AmB ENTCEND
0	ENTC Potassium ENTCEND depletion also potentiates the tubular ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of AmB. This study was designed to assess the ability of ENTC spironolactone ENTCEND
0	ENTD hematological disorders ENTDEND were randomized to receive either intravenous ENTC AmB ENTCEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND requirements and to prevent hypokalemia in neutropenic patients on AmB treatment. METHODS: In this study 26 patients with various ENTD hematological disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTD hematological disorders ENTDEND were randomized to receive either intravenous AmB alone or AmB and oral ENTC spironolactone ENTCEND
0	ENTD Nephrotoxicity ENTDEND is the major adverse effect of ENTC amphotericin B ENTCEND
0	ENTD Nephrotoxicity ENTDEND is the major adverse effect of amphotericin B (AmB), often limiting administration of full dosage. Selective distal tubular epithelial toxicity seems to be responsible for the profound ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTC Spironolactone ENTCEND : is it a novel drug for the prevention of amphotericin B-related hypokalemia in cancer patients?OBJECTIVE: ENTD Nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD neutropenic ENTDEND patients on ENTC AmB ENTCEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND loss in ENTD neutropenic ENTDEND
0	ENTC spironolactone ENTCEND to reduce potassium requirements and to prevent hypokalemia in ENTD neutropenic ENTDEND
1	ENTD cardiac arrhythmias ENTDEND .Thiazide diuretics are widely accepted as the cornerstone of antihypertensive treatment programs. Hypokalemia is a commonly encountered metabolic consequence of chronic thiazide therapy. We treated 38 patients (22 low renin, 16 normal renin) with moderate diastolic hypertension with ENTC hydrochlorothiazide ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac arrhythmias ENTDEND .Thiazide diuretics are widely accepted as the cornerstone of antihypertensive treatment programs. Hypokalemia is a commonly encountered metabolic consequence of chronic thiazide therapy. We treated 38 patients (22 low renin, 16 normal renin) with moderate diastolic hypertension with hydrochlorothiazide (HCTC) administered on a twice daily schedule. Initial dose was 50 mg and the dose was increased at monthly intervals to 100 mg, 150 mg and 200 mg daily until blood pressure normalized. The serum ENTC K ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac arrhythmias ENTDEND . ENTC Thiazide ENTCEND
0	ENTD diastolic hypertension ENTDEND with ENTC hydrochlorothiazide ENTCEND
0	ENTD diastolic hypertension ENTDEND with hydrochlorothiazide (HCTC) administered on a twice daily schedule. Initial dose was 50 mg and the dose was increased at monthly intervals to 100 mg, 150 mg and 200 mg daily until blood pressure normalized. The serum ENTC K ENTCEND
0	ENTC thiazide ENTCEND therapy. We treated 38 patients (22 low renin, 16 normal renin) with moderate ENTD diastolic hypertension ENTDEND
1	ENTD Hypokalemia ENTDEND is a commonly encountered metabolic consequence of chronic thiazide therapy. We treated 38 patients (22 low renin, 16 normal renin) with moderate diastolic hypertension with ENTC hydrochlorothiazide ENTCEND
0	ENTC potassium ENTCEND  The more profound ENTD hypokalemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Thiazide ENTCEND  diuretics, ENTD hypokalemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC NMDA ENTCEND receptors. In behavioral studies, pre-treatment of mice with BD1018, BD1063, or LR132 significantly attenuated cocaine-induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTC BD1063 ENTCEND  or LR132 significantly attenuated cocaine-induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
1	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTC oligodeoxynucleotide ENTCEND against sigma1 receptors was also shown to significantly attenuate the ENTD convulsive ENTDEND
0	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND and lethality. Moreover, post-treatment with LR132 prevented cocaine-induced lethality in a significant proportion of animals. In contrast to the protection provided by the putative antagonists, the well-characterized sigma receptor agonist ENTC di-o-tolylguanidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC BD1008 ENTCEND  and an antisense oligodeoxynucleotide targeting sigma1 receptors produce anti-cocaine effects in mice.Cocaine's ability to interact with sigma receptors suggests that these proteins mediate some of its behavioral effects. Therefore, three novel sigma receptor ligands with antagonist activity were evaluated in Swiss Webster mice: BD1018 (3S-1-[2-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl]-1,4-diazabicyclo[4.3.0]nonane), BD1063 (1-[2-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl]-4-methylpiperazine), and LR132 (1R,2S-(+)-cis-N-[2-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl]-2-(1-pyrrolidinyl)cyclohexylamine). Competition binding assays demonstrated that all three compounds have high affinities for sigma1 receptors. The three compounds vary in their affinities for sigma2 receptors and exhibit negligible affinities for dopamine, opioid, GABA(A) and NMDA receptors. In behavioral studies, pre-treatment of mice with BD1018, BD1063, or LR132 significantly attenuated cocaine-induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTC GABA ENTCEND A) and NMDA receptors. In behavioral studies, pre-treatment of mice with BD1018, BD1063, or LR132 significantly attenuated cocaine-induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND  opioid, GABA(A) and NMDA receptors. In behavioral studies, pre-treatment of mice with BD1018, BD1063, or LR132 significantly attenuated cocaine-induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTC NMDA ENTCEND receptors. In behavioral studies, pre-treatment of mice with BD1018, BD1063, or LR132 significantly attenuated cocaine-induced convulsions and lethality. Moreover, post-treatment with LR132 prevented cocaine-induced lethality in a significant proportion of animals. In contrast to the protection provided by the putative antagonists, the well-characterized sigma receptor agonist di-o-tolylguanidine (DTG) and the novel sigma receptor agonist BD1031 (3R-1-[2-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl]-1,4-diazabicyclo[4.3.0]nonane) each worsened the behavioral ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of cocaine. At doses where alone, they produced no significant effects on locomotion, BD1018, ENTC BD1063 ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of cocaine. At doses where alone, they produced no significant effects on locomotion, BD1018, BD1063 and LR132 significantly attenuated the locomotor stimulatory effects of cocaine. To further validate the hypothesis that the anti-cocaine effects of the novel ligands involved antagonism of sigma receptors, an antisense ENTC oligodeoxynucleotide ENTCEND
0	ENTC DTG ENTCEND  and the novel sigma receptor agonist BD1031 (3R-1-[2-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl]-1,4-diazabicyclo[4.3.0]nonane) each worsened the behavioral ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC GABA ENTCEND A) and NMDA receptors. In behavioral studies, pre-treatment of mice with BD1018, BD1063, or LR132 significantly attenuated cocaine-induced convulsions and lethality. Moreover, post-treatment with LR132 prevented cocaine-induced lethality in a significant proportion of animals. In contrast to the protection provided by the putative antagonists, the well-characterized sigma receptor agonist di-o-tolylguanidine (DTG) and the novel sigma receptor agonist BD1031 (3R-1-[2-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl]-1,4-diazabicyclo[4.3.0]nonane) each worsened the behavioral ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND  opioid, GABA(A) and NMDA receptors. In behavioral studies, pre-treatment of mice with BD1018, BD1063, or LR132 significantly attenuated cocaine-induced convulsions and lethality. Moreover, post-treatment with LR132 prevented cocaine-induced lethality in a significant proportion of animals. In contrast to the protection provided by the putative antagonists, the well-characterized sigma receptor agonist di-o-tolylguanidine (DTG) and the novel sigma receptor agonist BD1031 (3R-1-[2-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl]-1,4-diazabicyclo[4.3.0]nonane) each worsened the behavioral ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND score after ENTC cisapride ENTCEND
1	ENTC cisapride ENTCEND  on symptoms and postcibal small-bowel motor function in patients with irritable bowel syndrome.BACKGROUND: Irritable bowel syndrome is a common cause of ENTD abdominal pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC cisapride ENTCEND treated constipation-predominant ENTD IBS ENTDEND
0	ENTD disordered gastrointestinal motility ENTDEND  Our aim was to assess the effects of long-term treatment with a prokinetic agent, ENTC cisapride ENTCEND
0	ENTC cisapride ENTCEND treated ENTD constipation ENTDEND
0	ENTC cisapride ENTCEND treated ENTD diarrhoea ENTDEND
0	ENTC magnesium ENTCEND and thyroid-stimulating hormone levels performed before beginning lithium therapy and at biannual follow-up. RESULTS: Hypothyroidism developed in 40 patients, excluding 8 patients who were hypothyroid at baseline. All patients having first-degree relatives affected by ENTD thyroid illness ENTDEND
0	ENTD thyroid illness ENTDEND is a risk factor for hypothyroidism and hypercalcemia during ENTC lithium ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND levels associated with aging. CONCLUSIONS: Familial ENTD thyroid illness ENTDEND
0	ENTD bipolar disorder ENTDEND receiving lithium maintenance therapy ranging from 1 year's to 32 years' duration. The control group consisted of 82 patients with no psychiatric or endocrinological diagnoses from the hospital's out-patient clinics. OUTCOME MEASURES: Laboratory analyses of calcium, ENTC magnesium ENTCEND
0	ENTD bipolar disorder ENTDEND receiving ENTC lithium ENTCEND
0	ENTD bipolar disorder ENTDEND receiving lithium maintenance therapy ranging from 1 year's to 32 years' duration. The control group consisted of 82 patients with no psychiatric or endocrinological diagnoses from the hospital's out-patient clinics. OUTCOME MEASURES: Laboratory analyses of ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND or endocrinological diagnoses from the hospital's out-patient clinics. OUTCOME MEASURES: Laboratory analyses of calcium, ENTC magnesium ENTCEND
0	ENTC lithium ENTCEND maintenance therapy ranging from 1 year's to 32 years' duration. The control group consisted of 82 patients with no ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND
0	ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND or endocrinological diagnoses from the hospital's out-patient clinics. OUTCOME MEASURES: Laboratory analyses of ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypothyroidism ENTDEND than women under 60 years of age (34.6% versus 31.9%). ENTC Magnesium ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypothyroidism ENTDEND and hypercalcemia during ENTC lithium ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND levels associated with aging. CONCLUSIONS: Familial thyroid illness is a risk factor for ENTD hypothyroidism ENTDEND
0	ENTC Magnesium ENTCEND levels in patients on lithium treatment were unchanged from baseline levels. After lithium treatment, calcium levels were higher than either baseline levels or control levels. Thus, lithium treatment counteracted the decrease in plasma calcium levels associated with aging. CONCLUSIONS: Familial thyroid illness is a risk factor for hypothyroidism and ENTD hypercalcemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypercalcemia ENTDEND during ENTC lithium ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND levels associated with aging. CONCLUSIONS: Familial thyroid illness is a risk factor for hypothyroidism and ENTD hypercalcemia ENTDEND
1	ENTD VTE ENTDEND  associated with newer ENTC oral contraceptives ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND in the first 24 h after sevoflurane anaesthesia in 216 adult day surgery patients. Patients were randomly allocated to either receive or not receive 1 1 fentanyl, while a third group received ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND
0	ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND  reduces nausea and vomiting, without increasing ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND , after ENTC sevoflurane ENTCEND
0	ENTC Dexamethasone ENTCEND had no significant effect on the incidence or severity of postoperative nausea and vomiting. Combining the two fentanyl groups revealed further significant benefits from the avoidance of opioids, reducing postoperative nausea and vomiting and nausea prior to discharge from 35% and 33% to 22% and 19% (P = 0.049 and P = 0.035), respectively, while nausea in the first 24 h was decreased from 42% to 27% (P = 0.034). Pain severity and analgesic requirements were unaffected by the omission of fentanyl. Fentanyl did reduce minor intraoperative movement but had no sevoflurane-sparing effect and increased respiratory depression, ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
1	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND and bradycardia. CONCLUSION: As ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND
0	ENTC sevoflurane ENTCEND sparing effect and increased respiratory depression, ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD vomiting ENTDEND and/or moderate to severe nausea prior to discharge from 20% and 17% with fentanyl and fentanyl- ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND
0	ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND  reduces nausea and ENTD vomiting ENTDEND
0	ENTD vomiting ENTDEND , without increasing pain, after ENTC sevoflurane ENTCEND
0	ENTC Dexamethasone ENTCEND had no significant effect on the incidence or severity of ENTD postoperative nausea and vomiting ENTDEND
1	ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND exacerbated ENTD postoperative nausea and vomiting ENTDEND
0	ENTC sevoflurane ENTCEND  ENTD postoperative nausea and vomiting ENTDEND
0	ENTC Dexamethasone ENTCEND had no significant effect on the incidence or severity of postoperative nausea and vomiting. Combining the two fentanyl groups revealed further significant benefits from the avoidance of opioids, reducing postoperative nausea and vomiting and nausea prior to discharge from 35% and 33% to 22% and 19% (P = 0.049 and P = 0.035), respectively, while nausea in the first 24 h was decreased from 42% to 27% (P = 0.034). Pain severity and analgesic requirements were unaffected by the omission of fentanyl. Fentanyl did reduce minor intraoperative movement but had no sevoflurane-sparing effect and increased respiratory depression, hypotension and bradycardia. CONCLUSION: As fentanyl exacerbated postoperative nausea and vomiting without an improvement in ENTD postoperative pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND exacerbated postoperative nausea and vomiting without an improvement in ENTD postoperative pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD postoperative pain ENTDEND and also had adverse cardiorespiratory effects, it appears to be an unnecessary and possibly detrimental supplement to ENTC sevoflurane ENTCEND
0	ENTC Dexamethasone ENTCEND had no significant effect on the incidence or severity of postoperative nausea and vomiting. Combining the two fentanyl groups revealed further significant benefits from the avoidance of opioids, reducing postoperative nausea and vomiting and nausea prior to discharge from 35% and 33% to 22% and 19% (P = 0.049 and P = 0.035), respectively, while nausea in the first 24 h was decreased from 42% to 27% (P = 0.034). Pain severity and analgesic requirements were unaffected by the omission of fentanyl. Fentanyl did reduce minor intraoperative movement but had no sevoflurane-sparing effect and increased respiratory depression, hypotension and ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
1	ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND  CONCLUSION: As ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND
0	ENTC sevoflurane ENTCEND sparing effect and increased respiratory depression, hypotension and ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD nausea ENTDEND prior to discharge from 20% and 17% with fentanyl and fentanyl- ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND
0	ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND  reduces ENTD nausea ENTDEND
0	ENTD nausea ENTDEND  and vomiting, without increasing pain, after ENTC sevoflurane ENTCEND
0	ENTC Dexamethasone ENTCEND had no significant effect on the incidence or severity of postoperative nausea and vomiting. Combining the two fentanyl groups revealed further significant benefits from the avoidance of opioids, reducing postoperative nausea and vomiting and nausea prior to discharge from 35% and 33% to 22% and 19% (P = 0.049 and P = 0.035), respectively, while nausea in the first 24 h was decreased from 42% to 27% (P = 0.034). Pain severity and analgesic requirements were unaffected by the omission of fentanyl. Fentanyl did reduce minor intraoperative movement but had no sevoflurane-sparing effect and increased ENTD respiratory depression ENTDEND
1	ENTD respiratory depression ENTDEND  hypotension and bradycardia. CONCLUSION: As ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND
0	ENTC sevoflurane ENTCEND sparing effect and increased ENTD respiratory depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC KA ENTCEND  Thus, the absence of D2R lowers the threshold for seizures induced by both glutamate and acetylcholine. Moreover, the dopaminergic control of epilepsy-induced ENTD neurodegeneration ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND  Moreover, the dopaminergic control of epilepsy-induced ENTD neurodegeneration ENTDEND
0	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND induced seizures result in a more widespread neuronal death in both WT and D2R -/- brains in comparison to KA. Thus, the absence of D2R lowers the threshold for seizures induced by both glutamate and acetylcholine. Moreover, the dopaminergic control of epilepsy-induced ENTD neurodegeneration ENTDEND
0	ENTC glutamate ENTCEND and acetylcholine. Moreover, the dopaminergic control of epilepsy-induced ENTD neurodegeneration ENTDEND
1	ENTC KA ENTCEND  Thus, the absence of D2R lowers the threshold for ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND at the cellular level. In this respect, little is known about the role of ENTC DA ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND induced by both glutamate and ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
1	ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND induced by both ENTC glutamate ENTCEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND  However, pilocarpine-induced seizures result in a more widespread neuronal death in both WT and D2R -/- brains in comparison to ENTC KA ENTCEND
0	ENTC DA ENTCEND receptors in the occurrence of epilepsy-induced neuronal cell death. Here we analyze the occurrence of seizures and ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND  However, pilocarpine-induced seizures result in a more widespread neuronal death in both WT and D2R -/- brains in comparison to KA. Thus, the absence of D2R lowers the threshold for seizures induced by both glutamate and ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND  However, ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND
0	ENTC glutamate ENTCEND agonist. Importantly, D2R -/- mice develop seizures at doses of both drugs that are not epileptogenic for WT littermates and show greater ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC KA ENTCEND  Thus, the absence of D2R lowers the threshold for seizures induced by both glutamate and acetylcholine. Moreover, the dopaminergic control of ENTD epilepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC DA ENTCEND receptors in the occurrence of ENTD epilepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND  Moreover, the dopaminergic control of ENTD epilepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD epilepsy ENTDEND induced neuronal cell death. Here we analyze the occurrence of seizures and neurotoxicity in D2R -/- mice treated with the cholinergic agonist ENTC pilocarpine ENTCEND
0	ENTC glutamate ENTCEND and acetylcholine. Moreover, the dopaminergic control of ENTD epilepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND clearance. CONCLUSIONS: Urine volume can be reduced by giving lithium once daily and/or by lowering the total daily dose. Lithium-induced ENTD polyuria ENTDEND
1	ENTC Lithium ENTCEND induced ENTD polyuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD dementia ENTDEND as a result of ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD Alzheimer ENTDEND like subacute dementia as a result of ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
1	ENTD Amnestic syndrome ENTDEND  associated with ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
1	ENTC Pilocarpine ENTCEND on either day induced ENTD status epilepticus ENTDEND
0	ENTC Pilocarpine ENTCEND ENTD seizures ENTDEND
1	ENTC Pilocarpine ENTCEND  seizures cause age-dependent ENTD impairment in auditory location discrimination ENTDEND
0	ENTC BAU ENTCEND  to effect, in vivo, AZT-induced ENTD anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Urd ENTCEND related toxicity. In mice rendered ENTD anemic ENTDEND
1	ENTC AZT ENTCEND induced ENTD anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC BAU ENTCEND reduced AZT-induced ENTD marrow toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD marrow suppression ENTDEND  without impairment of anti-human immunodeficiency virus activity.Increased extracellular concentrations of ENTC uridine ENTCEND
1	ENTC AZT ENTCEND induced ENTD marrow toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC Benzylacyclouridine ENTCEND  reverses azidothymidine-induced marrow suppression without impairment of anti-human ENTD immunodeficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTD immunodeficiency ENTDEND  virus activity.Increased extracellular concentrations of ENTC uridine ENTCEND
0	ENTC azidothymidine ENTCEND -induced marrow suppression without impairment of anti-human ENTD immunodeficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicities ENTDEND associated with chronic Urd administration, the ability of ENTC benzylacyclouridine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Urd ENTCEND related ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  In mice rendered anemic and leukopenic by the administration of ENTC AZT ENTCEND
0	ENTC BAU ENTCEND  to effect, in vivo, AZT-induced anemia and ENTD leukopenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD leukopenia ENTDEND was assessed. This agent inhibits ENTC Urd ENTCEND
1	ENTC AZT ENTCEND induced anemia and ENTD leukopenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD anemia ENTDEND  The use of ENTC cidofovir ENTCEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND is reversible mild ENTD anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC guanosine ENTCEND analogue, has broad antiviral activity against both RNA and DNA viruses, including documented activity against adenovirus in vitro. Ribavirin is licensed in aerosol form for the treatment of respiratory syncytial virus infection, and orally in combination with interferon to treat hepatitis C. Intravenous ribavirin is the treatment of choice for infection with hemorrhagic fever viruses. The most common adverse effect of intravenous ribavirin is reversible mild ENTD anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC cidofovir ENTCEND in 1 child was associated with progressive renal failure and neutropenia. DISCUSSION: Our series of patients is representative of the spectrum of immunocompromised children at greatest risk for severe adenovirus disease, namely solid-organ and bone marrow transplant recipients, neonates, and children with ENTD immunodeficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTD immunodeficiency ENTDEND  Although intravenous ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND
0	ENTC cidofovir ENTCEND in severe ENTD adenovirus infection ENTDEND
0	ENTD adenovirus disease ENTDEND  Intravenous ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND
0	ENTD adenovirus disease ENTDEND is limited to a few case reports and small series. Experience is greatest with intravenous ribavirin and cidofovir. Ribavirin, a ENTC guanosine ENTCEND
0	ENTC cidofovir ENTCEND for progressive disseminated disease. An additional 3 children developed ENTD adenovirus pneumonia ENTDEND
0	ENTD adenovirus pneumonia ENTDEND  The remaining 3 children died of adenovirus disease. Intravenous ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND
0	ENTC cidofovir ENTCEND for progressive disseminated disease. An additional 3 children developed adenovirus pneumonia; 2 were neonates, 1 of whom had partial ENTD DiGeorge syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTD DiGeorge syndrome ENTDEND  The remaining infant had recently undergone a cardiac transplant. Intravenous ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND
0	ENTC cidofovir ENTCEND in 1 child was associated with progressive renal failure and neutropenia. DISCUSSION: Our series of patients is representative of the spectrum of immunocompromised children at greatest risk for severe adenovirus disease, namely solid-organ and bone marrow transplant recipients, neonates, and children with immunodeficiency. Although intravenous ribavirin was not effective for all children with severe adenovirus disease in this series or in the literature, therapy is unlikely to be of benefit if begun late in the course of the ENTD infection ENTDEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND was not effective for all children with severe adenovirus disease in this series or in the literature, therapy is unlikely to be of benefit if begun late in the course of the ENTD infection ENTDEND
0	ENTC cidofovir ENTCEND in severe adenovirus infection has been limited by adverse effects, the most significant of which is ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND  OBJECTIVE: We report our experience with intravenous ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND
0	ENTC guanosine ENTCEND analogue, has broad antiviral activity against both RNA and DNA viruses, including documented activity against adenovirus in vitro. Ribavirin is licensed in aerosol form for the treatment of respiratory syncytial virus infection, and orally in combination with interferon to treat hepatitis C. Intravenous ribavirin is the treatment of choice for infection with hemorrhagic fever viruses. The most common adverse effect of intravenous ribavirin is reversible mild anemia. The use of cidofovir in severe adenovirus infection has been limited by adverse effects, the most significant of which is ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND after cardiac and bone marrow transplants, respectively. The bone marrow transplant patient also received intravenous ENTC cidofovir ENTCEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND for documented severe adenovirus disease. Two patients developed adenovirus ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD infection with hemorrhagic fever viruses ENTDEND  The most common adverse effect of intravenous ribavirin is reversible mild anemia. The use of ENTC cidofovir ENTCEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND is the treatment of choice for ENTD infection with hemorrhagic fever viruses ENTDEND
0	ENTC guanosine ENTCEND analogue, has broad antiviral activity against both RNA and DNA viruses, including documented activity against adenovirus in vitro. Ribavirin is licensed in aerosol form for the treatment of respiratory syncytial virus infection, and orally in combination with interferon to treat hepatitis C. Intravenous ribavirin is the treatment of choice for ENTD infection with hemorrhagic fever viruses ENTDEND
0	ENTD hepatitis C ENTDEND  Intravenous ribavirin is the treatment of choice for infection with hemorrhagic fever viruses. The most common adverse effect of intravenous ribavirin is reversible mild anemia. The use of ENTC cidofovir ENTCEND
0	ENTD hepatitis C ENTDEND  Intravenous ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND
0	ENTC guanosine ENTCEND analogue, has broad antiviral activity against both RNA and DNA viruses, including documented activity against adenovirus in vitro. Ribavirin is licensed in aerosol form for the treatment of respiratory syncytial virus infection, and orally in combination with interferon to treat ENTD hepatitis C ENTDEND
1	ENTC cidofovir ENTCEND in 1 child was associated with ENTD progressive renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND therapy was well tolerated. Use of cidofovir in 1 child was associated with ENTD progressive renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND after cardiac and bone marrow transplants, respectively. The bone marrow transplant patient also received intravenous ENTC cidofovir ENTCEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND for documented severe adenovirus disease. Two patients developed adenovirus ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND
1	ENTC cidofovir ENTCEND in 1 child was associated with progressive renal failure and ENTD neutropenia ENTDEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND therapy was well tolerated. Use of cidofovir in 1 child was associated with progressive renal failure and ENTD neutropenia ENTDEND
0	ENTC cidofovir ENTCEND  Ribavirin, a guanosine analogue, has broad antiviral activity against both RNA and DNA viruses, including documented activity against adenovirus in vitro. Ribavirin is licensed in aerosol form for the treatment of ENTD respiratory syncytial virus infection ENTDEND
0	ENTC Ribavirin ENTCEND is licensed in aerosol form for the treatment of ENTD respiratory syncytial virus infection ENTDEND
0	ENTC guanosine ENTCEND analogue, has broad antiviral activity against both RNA and DNA viruses, including documented activity against adenovirus in vitro. Ribavirin is licensed in aerosol form for the treatment of ENTD respiratory syncytial virus infection ENTDEND
0	ENTC danazol ENTCEND treatment. Such patients should be under close follow-up, preferably with periodic ultrasound examination of the liver. If the patient develops a ENTD liver mass ENTDEND
1	ENTC danazol ENTCEND .We report a case of ENTD bile duct hamartoma ENTDEND
1	ENTC danazol ENTCEND .We report a case of ENTD bile duct hamartoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND  Moreover calcitonin induced a significant decrease in nigral GAD activity but no change in striatal ENTC DA ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND  Moreover calcitonin induced a significant decrease in nigral GAD activity but no change in striatal DA and ENTC DOPAC ENTCEND
0	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND induced catalepsy and a partial prevention of apomorphine-induced ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
1	ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND induced ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND and a partial prevention of apomorphine-induced hyperactivity. Moreover calcitonin induced a significant decrease in nigral GAD activity but no change in striatal ENTC DA ENTCEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND and a partial prevention of apomorphine-induced hyperactivity. Moreover calcitonin induced a significant decrease in nigral GAD activity but no change in striatal DA and ENTC DOPAC ENTCEND
1	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND and a partial prevention of ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND
0	ENTC alpha-methyl-para-tyrosine ENTCEND on METH-induced DA neurotoxicity is also confounded by drug effects on body temperature. Further, we show that mice genetically engineered to be deficient in brain DA develop METH neurotoxicity, as long as the thermic effects of METH are preserved. In addition, we demonstrate that mice genetically engineered to have unilateral brain DA deficits develop METH-induced ENTD dopaminergic deficits ENTDEND
0	ENTC DA ENTCEND deficits develop METH-induced ENTD dopaminergic deficits ENTDEND
0	ENTC METH ENTCEND induced ENTD dopaminergic deficits ENTDEND
0	ENTC L-dihydroxyphenylalanine ENTCEND to reverse the protective effect of alpha-methyl-para-tyrosine on METH-induced DA neurotoxicity is also confounded by drug effects on body temperature. Further, we show that mice genetically engineered to be deficient in brain DA develop METH neurotoxicity, as long as the thermic effects of METH are preserved. In addition, we demonstrate that mice genetically engineered to have unilateral brain DA deficits develop METH-induced ENTD dopaminergic deficits ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  However, temperature effects of drugs that have been used to manipulate brain DA neurotransmission confound interpretation of the data. Here we show that the recently reported ability of L-dihydroxyphenylalanine to reverse the protective effect of ENTC alpha-methyl-para-tyrosine ENTCEND
0	ENTC DA ENTCEND neurotransmission enhance ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC METH ENTCEND -induced ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  However, temperature effects of drugs that have been used to manipulate brain DA neurotransmission confound interpretation of the data. Here we show that the recently reported ability of ENTC L-dihydroxyphenylalanine ENTCEND
0	ENTC alpha-methyl-para-tyrosine ENTCEND on METH-induced DA ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC DA ENTCEND ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC METH ENTCEND ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC L-dihydroxyphenylalanine ENTCEND to reverse the protective effect of alpha-methyl-para-tyrosine on METH-induced DA ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD agoraphobia ENTDEND .The effects of oral doses of ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND  in patients with panic disorder and ENTD agoraphobia ENTDEND
1	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND than propranolol. ENTD Delayed free recall was also impaired ENTDEND
1	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND  ENTD Delayed free recall was also impaired ENTDEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND than propranolol. After 2 weeks of treatment, patients tested 5-8 h after the last dose of medication did not show any decrement of performance. These results are similar to those previously found in healthy subjects. Accumulation of drugs was not reflected in prolonged ENTD behavioral impairment ENTDEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND  After 2 weeks of treatment, patients tested 5-8 h after the last dose of medication did not show any decrement of performance. These results are similar to those previously found in healthy subjects. Accumulation of drugs was not reflected in prolonged ENTD behavioral impairment ENTDEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND  and propranolol in patients with ENTD panic disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND  in patients with ENTD panic disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTC disulfiram ENTCEND like syndrome with flushing, ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND
1	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND  he developed malaise with flushing of the face, ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND
1	ENTC Dormex ENTCEND  Five hours after exposure, he developed disulfiram-like syndrome with flushing, ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetaldehyde ENTCEND syndrome in case of alcohol use. The purpose of this report is to describe two cases of a disulfiram-like syndrome following occupational exposure to hydrogen cyanamide. The first case involved a 59-year-old man who used Dormex, which contains hydrogen cyanamide, without protection after consuming a large amount of alcohol during a meal. In less than 1 hour after the ingestion of alcohol, he developed malaise with flushing of the face, ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC disulfiram ENTCEND like syndrome with ENTD flushing ENTDEND
1	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND  he developed malaise with ENTD flushing of the face ENTDEND
1	ENTC Dormex ENTCEND  Five hours after exposure, he developed disulfiram-like syndrome with ENTD flushing ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetaldehyde ENTCEND syndrome in case of alcohol use. The purpose of this report is to describe two cases of a disulfiram-like syndrome following occupational exposure to hydrogen cyanamide. The first case involved a 59-year-old man who used Dormex, which contains hydrogen cyanamide, without protection after consuming a large amount of alcohol during a meal. In less than 1 hour after the ingestion of alcohol, he developed malaise with ENTD flushing of the face ENTDEND
0	ENTC disulfiram ENTCEND like syndrome with flushing, tachycardia, and ENTD arterial hypotension ENTDEND
1	ENTD arterial hypotension ENTDEND after consuming three glasses of wine. The patient recovered spontaneously in 3 hours under surveillance in the hospital. These cases confirm the necessity of avoiding ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
1	ENTC Dormex ENTCEND  Five hours after exposure, he developed disulfiram-like syndrome with flushing, tachycardia, and ENTD arterial hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD dyspnea ENTDEND  Manifestations regressed spontaneously under surveillance in the hospital. The second case occurred in a 55-year-old farmer following cutaneous contact with Dormex. Five hours after exposure, he developed ENTC disulfiram ENTCEND
1	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND  he developed malaise with flushing of the face, tachycardia, and ENTD dyspnea ENTDEND
1	ENTD dyspnea ENTDEND  Manifestations regressed spontaneously under surveillance in the hospital. The second case occurred in a 55-year-old farmer following cutaneous contact with ENTC Dormex ENTCEND
0	ENTC acetaldehyde ENTCEND syndrome in case of alcohol use. The purpose of this report is to describe two cases of a disulfiram-like syndrome following occupational exposure to hydrogen cyanamide. The first case involved a 59-year-old man who used Dormex, which contains hydrogen cyanamide, without protection after consuming a large amount of alcohol during a meal. In less than 1 hour after the ingestion of alcohol, he developed malaise with flushing of the face, tachycardia, and ENTD dyspnea ENTDEND
1	ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND .An ENTD increase in blood pressure ENTDEND
0	ENTD increase in blood pressure ENTDEND  accompanied by atrial fibrillation, agitation, incomprehensible shouts and loss of consciousness, was observed in an elderly, ASA classification group II, cardiovascularly medicated male, 12 min after performance of axillary block with mepivacaine 850 mg containing adrenaline 0.225 mg, for correction of Dupuytren's contracture. After intravenous administration of labetalol, metoprolol and ENTC midazolam ENTCEND
1	ENTC mepivacaine ENTCEND  with adrenaline.An ENTD increase in blood pressure ENTDEND
0	ENTD increase in blood pressure ENTDEND  accompanied by atrial fibrillation, agitation, incomprehensible shouts and loss of consciousness, was observed in an elderly, ASA classification group II, cardiovascularly medicated male, 12 min after performance of axillary block with mepivacaine 850 mg containing adrenaline 0.225 mg, for correction of Dupuytren's contracture. After intravenous administration of ENTC labetalol ENTCEND
0	ENTD increase in blood pressure ENTDEND  accompanied by atrial fibrillation, agitation, incomprehensible shouts and loss of consciousness, was observed in an elderly, ASA classification group II, cardiovascularly medicated male, 12 min after performance of axillary block with mepivacaine 850 mg containing adrenaline 0.225 mg, for correction of Dupuytren's contracture. After intravenous administration of labetalol, ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND
0	ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND 0.225 mg, for correction of ENTD Dupuytren's contracture ENTDEND
0	ENTD Dupuytren's contracture ENTDEND  After intravenous administration of labetalol, metoprolol and ENTC midazolam ENTCEND
0	ENTC mepivacaine ENTCEND 850 mg containing adrenaline 0.225 mg, for correction of ENTD Dupuytren's contracture ENTDEND
0	ENTD Dupuytren's contracture ENTDEND  After intravenous administration of ENTC labetalol ENTCEND
0	ENTD Dupuytren's contracture ENTDEND  After intravenous administration of labetalol, ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND
0	ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND .An increase in blood pressure, accompanied by atrial fibrillation, ENTD agitation ENTDEND
0	ENTD agitation ENTDEND  incomprehensible shouts and loss of consciousness, was observed in an elderly, ASA classification group II, cardiovascularly medicated male, 12 min after performance of axillary block with mepivacaine 850 mg containing adrenaline 0.225 mg, for correction of Dupuytren's contracture. After intravenous administration of labetalol, metoprolol and ENTC midazolam ENTCEND
0	ENTC mepivacaine ENTCEND  with adrenaline.An increase in blood pressure, accompanied by atrial fibrillation, ENTD agitation ENTDEND
0	ENTD agitation ENTDEND  incomprehensible shouts and loss of consciousness, was observed in an elderly, ASA classification group II, cardiovascularly medicated male, 12 min after performance of axillary block with mepivacaine 850 mg containing adrenaline 0.225 mg, for correction of Dupuytren's contracture. After intravenous administration of ENTC labetalol ENTCEND
0	ENTD agitation ENTDEND  incomprehensible shouts and loss of consciousness, was observed in an elderly, ASA classification group II, cardiovascularly medicated male, 12 min after performance of axillary block with mepivacaine 850 mg containing adrenaline 0.225 mg, for correction of Dupuytren's contracture. After intravenous administration of labetalol, ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND
1	ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND .An increase in blood pressure, accompanied by ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND
0	ENTC midazolam ENTCEND the patient's condition improved, and 15 min later he woke up. The block was successful and surgery was conducted as scheduled despite persisting ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND
1	ENTC mepivacaine ENTCEND  with adrenaline.An increase in blood pressure, accompanied by ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND
0	ENTC labetalol ENTCEND  metoprolol and midazolam the patient's condition improved, and 15 min later he woke up. The block was successful and surgery was conducted as scheduled despite persisting ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND
0	ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND and midazolam the patient's condition improved, and 15 min later he woke up. The block was successful and surgery was conducted as scheduled despite persisting ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND
0	ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND .An increase in blood pressure, accompanied by atrial fibrillation, agitation, incomprehensible shouts and ENTD loss of consciousness ENTDEND
0	ENTD loss of consciousness ENTDEND  was observed in an elderly, ASA classification group II, cardiovascularly medicated male, 12 min after performance of axillary block with mepivacaine 850 mg containing adrenaline 0.225 mg, for correction of Dupuytren's contracture. After intravenous administration of labetalol, metoprolol and ENTC midazolam ENTCEND
0	ENTC mepivacaine ENTCEND  with adrenaline.An increase in blood pressure, accompanied by atrial fibrillation, agitation, incomprehensible shouts and ENTD loss of consciousness ENTDEND
0	ENTD loss of consciousness ENTDEND  was observed in an elderly, ASA classification group II, cardiovascularly medicated male, 12 min after performance of axillary block with mepivacaine 850 mg containing adrenaline 0.225 mg, for correction of Dupuytren's contracture. After intravenous administration of ENTC labetalol ENTCEND
0	ENTD loss of consciousness ENTDEND  was observed in an elderly, ASA classification group II, cardiovascularly medicated male, 12 min after performance of axillary block with mepivacaine 850 mg containing adrenaline 0.225 mg, for correction of Dupuytren's contracture. After intravenous administration of labetalol, ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND
0	ENTC adrenaline ENTCEND .An increase in blood pressure, accompanied by atrial fibrillation, agitation, ENTD incomprehensible shouts ENTDEND
0	ENTD incomprehensible shouts ENTDEND and loss of consciousness, was observed in an elderly, ASA classification group II, cardiovascularly medicated male, 12 min after performance of axillary block with mepivacaine 850 mg containing adrenaline 0.225 mg, for correction of Dupuytren's contracture. After intravenous administration of labetalol, metoprolol and ENTC midazolam ENTCEND
0	ENTC mepivacaine ENTCEND  with adrenaline.An increase in blood pressure, accompanied by atrial fibrillation, agitation, ENTD incomprehensible shouts ENTDEND
0	ENTD incomprehensible shouts ENTDEND and loss of consciousness, was observed in an elderly, ASA classification group II, cardiovascularly medicated male, 12 min after performance of axillary block with mepivacaine 850 mg containing adrenaline 0.225 mg, for correction of Dupuytren's contracture. After intravenous administration of ENTC labetalol ENTCEND
0	ENTD incomprehensible shouts ENTDEND and loss of consciousness, was observed in an elderly, ASA classification group II, cardiovascularly medicated male, 12 min after performance of axillary block with mepivacaine 850 mg containing adrenaline 0.225 mg, for correction of Dupuytren's contracture. After intravenous administration of labetalol, ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND  intensity in ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND
1	ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND -induced secondary ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hallucinations ENTDEND  Local anaesthetic blocks were useful in decreasing the requirement for postoperative analgesia. An antisialogue was usually unnecessary in operations lasting up to 2 h, ENTC glycopyrrolate ENTCEND
0	ENTC Diazepam ENTCEND  unless contraindicated or risky, remains the only necessary complementary drug to ketamine as it buffers its cardiovascular response and decreases the duration and intensity of operative and postoperative ENTD hallucinations ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND only. After premedication with diazepam, glycopyrrolate and local anaesthesia, and induction with standard doses of ketamine, a maintenance dose of 10-20 microg/kg/min of ketamine proved safe and effective. Emphasis was placed on bedside clinical monitoring, relying heavily on the heart rate. Diazepam, unless contraindicated or risky, remains the only necessary complementary drug to ketamine as it buffers its cardiovascular response and decreases the duration and intensity of operative and postoperative ENTD hallucinations ENTDEND
1	ENTC ketamine ENTCEND as it buffers its cardiovascular response and decreases the duration and intensity of operative and postoperative ENTD hallucinations ENTDEND
0	ENTD analgesia ENTDEND  An antisialogue was usually unnecessary in operations lasting up to 2 h, ENTC glycopyrrolate ENTCEND
0	ENTC Diazepam ENTCEND  unless contraindicated or risky, remains the only necessary complementary drug to ketamine as it buffers its cardiovascular response and decreases the duration and intensity of operative and postoperative hallucinations. Local anaesthetic blocks were useful in decreasing the requirement for postoperative ENTD analgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND only. After premedication with diazepam, glycopyrrolate and local anaesthesia, and induction with standard doses of ketamine, a maintenance dose of 10-20 microg/kg/min of ketamine proved safe and effective. Emphasis was placed on bedside clinical monitoring, relying heavily on the heart rate. Diazepam, unless contraindicated or risky, remains the only necessary complementary drug to ketamine as it buffers its cardiovascular response and decreases the duration and intensity of operative and postoperative hallucinations. Local anaesthetic blocks were useful in decreasing the requirement for postoperative ENTD analgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC ketamine ENTCEND as it buffers its cardiovascular response and decreases the duration and intensity of operative and postoperative hallucinations. Local anaesthetic blocks were useful in decreasing the requirement for postoperative ENTD analgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND significantly reduces doxorubicin ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD tumor ENTDEND response rates (World Health Organization criteria), time to progression, and survival. RESULTS: Six percent of MC patients versus 21% (including five cases of CHF) of AC patients developed cardiotoxicity (P =.0002). Median cumulative ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND (C), every 3 weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Cardiotoxicity was defined by reductions in left-ventricular ejection fraction, assessed by serial multigated radionuclide angiography scans, or congestive heart failure (CHF). Antitumor efficacy was assessed by objective ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND (A), in combination with 600 mg/m(2) of cyclophosphamide (C), every 3 weeks until disease progression or unacceptable ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND (C), every 3 weeks until disease progression or unacceptable ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND .PURPOSE: To determine whether ENTC Myocet ENTCEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND as first-line therapy for ENTD MBC ENTDEND
1	ENTD CHF ENTDEND  of AC patients developed cardiotoxicity (P =.0002). Median cumulative ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
1	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND (C), every 3 weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Cardiotoxicity was defined by reductions in left-ventricular ejection fraction, assessed by serial multigated radionuclide angiography scans, or ENTD congestive heart failure ENTDEND
1	ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND by significantly reducing cardiotoxicity and grade 4 ENTD neutropenia ENTDEND
1	ENTD neutropenia ENTDEND and provides comparable antitumor efficacy, when used in combination with ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD amenorrhea ENTDEND (P < 0.05; r = 0.33). CONCLUSION: We suggest that the increased risk of venous thromboembolism due to ENTC raloxifene ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND  Plasma TAFI, tPA, and PAI-1 antigen levels were measured at baseline and after 3 months of treatment by commercially available ELISA kits. Variations of individuals were assessed by Wilcoxon's test. Relationship between those markers and demographic characteristics were investigated. RESULTS: Three months of raloxifene treatment was associated with a significant decrease in the plasma TAFI antigen concentrations (16% change, P < 0.01), and a significant increase in tPA antigen concentrations (25% change, P < 0.05). A significant correlation was found between baseline TAFI antigen concentrations and the duration of ENTD amenorrhea ENTDEND
0	ENTD osteoporosis ENTDEND were included in this prospective, controlled clinical study. Twenty-five women were given ENTC raloxifene hydrochloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD osteoporosis ENTDEND were included in this prospective, controlled clinical study. Twenty-five women were given raloxifene hydrochloride (60 mg/day) plus ENTC calcium ENTCEND
1	ENTD venous thromboembolism ENTDEND due to ENTC raloxifene ENTCEND
0	ENTC raloxifene ENTCEND administration in postmenopausal women. METHODS: Thirty-nine postmenopausal women with ENTD osteopenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD osteopenia ENTDEND or osteoporosis were included in this prospective, controlled clinical study. Twenty-five women were given raloxifene hydrochloride (60 mg/day) plus ENTC calcium ENTCEND
1	ENTC theophylline ENTCEND use did involve the ENTD cardiovascular and gastrointestinal systems ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiovascular and gastrointestinal systems ENTDEND  These results show that ENTC ipratropium ENTCEND
0	ENTC theophylline ENTCEND  in ENTD chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC ipratropium bromide ENTCEND  and theophylline in ENTD chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ENTDEND
1	ENTC theophylline ENTCEND use did involve the ENTD cardiovascular and gastrointestinal systems ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiovascular and gastrointestinal systems ENTDEND  These results show that ENTC ipratropium ENTCEND
0	ENTC BHA ENTCEND induced epithelial hyperplasia. Tumors, all ENTD papillomas ENTDEND
0	ENTD papillomas ENTDEND  were induced in 3 rats (17%) with 0.25% ENTC RA ENTCEND
0	ENTC BHA ENTCEND induced epithelial hyperplasia. ENTD Tumors ENTDEND
0	ENTD Tumors ENTDEND  all papillomas, were induced in 3 rats (17%) with 0.25% ENTC RA ENTCEND
0	ENTD carcinogenic ENTDEND  effect of retinyl acetate on forestomach carcinogenesis of male F344 rats induced with ENTC butylated hydroxyanisole ENTCEND
0	ENTD carcinogenic ENTDEND  effect of ENTC retinyl acetate ENTCEND
0	ENTC BHA ENTCEND induced ENTD epithelial hyperplasia ENTDEND
0	ENTD epithelial hyperplasia ENTDEND  Tumors, all papillomas, were induced in 3 rats (17%) with 0.25% ENTC RA ENTCEND
1	ENTC BHA ENTCEND ENTD forestomach carcinogenesis ENTDEND
0	ENTC retinyl acetate ENTCEND  on ENTD forestomach carcinogenesis ENTDEND
0	ENTD carcinoma ENTDEND  in the group given RA-free water. In rats given 1% ENTC BHA ENTCEND
0	ENTD carcinoma ENTDEND  in the group given ENTC RA ENTCEND
1	ENTD sexually dysfunctional ENTDEND women receiving either fluoxetine, sertraline, or ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND
1	ENTD sexually dysfunctional ENTDEND women receiving either ENTC fluoxetine ENTCEND
1	ENTD sexually dysfunctional ENTDEND women receiving either fluoxetine, ENTC sertraline ENTCEND
0	ENTC ephedrine ENTCEND  for SSRI-induced female ENTD sexual dysfunction ENTDEND
1	ENTD NMS ENTDEND due to ENTC ziprasidone ENTCEND
0	ENTC ziprasidone ENTCEND may also be a cause. The patient is a 24-year-old male with a history of ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD movement disorders ENTDEND  We describe a case of neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS) associated with the use of ENTC ziprasidone ENTCEND
0	ENTC carbidopa/levodopa ENTCEND preparation; and both had the onset of ENTD hallucinosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD hallucinosis ENTDEND and recurrent seizures, which were refractory to anticonvulsants. The first patient died without a diagnosis; the second patient had a dramatic recovery following the administration of ENTC vitamin B6 ENTCEND
0	ENTC carbidopa/levodopa ENTCEND preparation; and both had the onset of hallucinosis and recurrent ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND  which were refractory to anticonvulsants. The first patient died without a diagnosis; the second patient had a dramatic recovery following the administration of ENTC vitamin B6 ENTCEND
1	ENTD epilepsy ENTDEND  caused by ENTC levodopa/carbidopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD epilepsy ENTDEND  caused by levodopa/carbidopa administration in two patients on hemodialysis.Two patients with similar clinical features are presented: both patients had chronic renal failure, on hemodialysis for many years but recently begun on a high-flux dialyzer; both had been receiving a carbidopa/levodopa preparation; and both had the onset of hallucinosis and recurrent seizures, which were refractory to anticonvulsants. The first patient died without a diagnosis; the second patient had a dramatic recovery following the administration of ENTC vitamin B6 ENTCEND
0	ENTD chronic renal failure ENTDEND  on hemodialysis for many years but recently begun on a high-flux dialyzer; both had been receiving a ENTC carbidopa/levodopa ENTCEND
0	ENTD chronic renal failure ENTDEND  on hemodialysis for many years but recently begun on a high-flux dialyzer; both had been receiving a carbidopa/levodopa preparation; and both had the onset of hallucinosis and recurrent seizures, which were refractory to anticonvulsants. The first patient died without a diagnosis; the second patient had a dramatic recovery following the administration of ENTC vitamin B6 ENTCEND
1	ENTC ouabain ENTCEND induced ENTD ventricular tachycardias ENTDEND
0	ENTC quaternary ammonium ENTCEND  antiarrhythmic agent, UM-272.UM-272 (N,N-dimethylpropranolol), a quaternary antiarrhythmic agent, was administered sublingually to dogs with ouabain-induced ENTD ventricular tachycardias ENTDEND
0	ENTC UM-272 ENTCEND converted ENTD ventricular tachycardia ENTDEND
1	ENTC eserine ENTCEND  On the other hand, ENTD mydriasis ENTDEND
0	ENTD mydriasis ENTDEND  tremor and clonic-tonic convulsions caused by carbachol and eserine. Calcium chloride inhibited the vocalization and fighting produced by carbachol and eserine most probably by a nonspecific stabilizing action on central muscarinic cholinoceptive sites. These results further support the view that calcium ions in excess have an ENTC atropine ENTCEND
1	ENTC carbachol ENTCEND and eserine. On the other hand, ENTD mydriasis ENTDEND
0	ENTD mydriasis ENTDEND  tremor and clonic-tonic convulsions caused by carbachol and eserine. ENTC Calcium chloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD mydriasis ENTDEND  tremor and clonic-tonic convulsions caused by carbachol and eserine. Calcium chloride inhibited the vocalization and fighting produced by carbachol and eserine most probably by a nonspecific stabilizing action on central muscarinic cholinoceptive sites. These results further support the view that ENTC calcium ENTCEND
1	ENTD clonic-tonic convulsions ENTDEND evoked by carbachol and ENTC eserine ENTCEND
0	ENTD clonic-tonic convulsions ENTDEND caused by carbachol and eserine. Calcium chloride inhibited the vocalization and fighting produced by carbachol and eserine most probably by a nonspecific stabilizing action on central muscarinic cholinoceptive sites. These results further support the view that calcium ions in excess have an ENTC atropine ENTCEND
1	ENTD clonic-tonic convulsions ENTDEND evoked by ENTC carbachol ENTCEND
0	ENTD clonic-tonic convulsions ENTDEND caused by carbachol and eserine. ENTC Calcium chloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD clonic-tonic convulsions ENTDEND caused by carbachol and eserine. Calcium chloride inhibited the vocalization and fighting produced by carbachol and eserine most probably by a nonspecific stabilizing action on central muscarinic cholinoceptive sites. These results further support the view that ENTC calcium ENTCEND
1	ENTC eserine ENTCEND  On the other hand, mydriasis, ENTD tremor ENTDEND
0	ENTD tremor ENTDEND and clonic-tonic convulsions caused by carbachol and eserine. Calcium chloride inhibited the vocalization and fighting produced by carbachol and eserine most probably by a nonspecific stabilizing action on central muscarinic cholinoceptive sites. These results further support the view that calcium ions in excess have an ENTC atropine ENTCEND
1	ENTD tremor ENTDEND and clonic-tonic convulsions evoked by ENTC carbachol ENTCEND
0	ENTD tremor ENTDEND and clonic-tonic convulsions caused by carbachol and eserine. ENTC Calcium chloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD tremor ENTDEND and clonic-tonic convulsions caused by carbachol and eserine. Calcium chloride inhibited the vocalization and fighting produced by carbachol and eserine most probably by a nonspecific stabilizing action on central muscarinic cholinoceptive sites. These results further support the view that ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD sensorineural hearing loss ENTDEND  The aim of this study was to describe this hearing loss and to investigate other factors influencing the degree of hearing loss. Two groups of 22 similar patients were studied: one group received 6 mL ENTC prilocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD sensorineural hearing loss ENTDEND  The aim of this study was to describe this hearing loss and to investigate other factors influencing the degree of hearing loss. Two groups of 22 similar patients were studied: one group received 6 mL prilocaine 2%; and the other received 3 mL ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND
1	ENTC prilocaine ENTCEND were more likely to develop ENTD hearing loss ENTDEND
1	ENTD hearing loss ENTDEND (10 out of 22) than those given ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial damage ENTDEND in rat heart, which was determined by the increased activity of serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and creatine phosphokinase isoenzymes (CK-MB), increased uric acid level and reduced plasma ENTC iron ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial damage ENTDEND in rat heart, which was determined by the increased activity of serum ENTC lactate ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial damage ENTDEND in rat heart, which was determined by the increased activity of serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and creatine phosphokinase isoenzymes (CK-MB), increased uric acid level and reduced plasma iron binding capacity. The protective role of ENTC mangiferin ENTCEND
0	ENTC polyphenol ENTCEND from Mangifera indica Linn. (Anacardiaceae), on isoproterenol (ISPH)-induced myocardial infarction (MI) in rats through its antioxidative mechanism. Subcutaneous injection of ISPH (200 mg/kg body weight in 1 ml saline) to rats for 2 consecutive days caused ENTD myocardial damage ENTDEND
0	ENTD myocardial damage ENTDEND in rat heart, which was determined by the increased activity of serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and creatine phosphokinase isoenzymes (CK-MB), increased ENTC uric acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial damage ENTDEND in rat heart, which was determined by the increased activity of serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and creatine phosphokinase isoenzymes (CK-MB), increased uric acid level and reduced plasma iron binding capacity. The protective role of mangiferin was analyzed by ENTC triphenyl tetrazolium chloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial damage ENTDEND in rat heart, which was determined by the increased activity of serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and creatine phosphokinase isoenzymes (CK-MB), increased uric acid level and reduced plasma iron binding capacity. The protective role of mangiferin was analyzed by triphenyl tetrazolium chloride (TTC) test used for macroscopic enzyme mapping assay of the ischemic myocardium. The heart tissue antioxidant enzymes such as superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione transferase and glutathione reductase activities, non-enzymic antioxidants such as cerruloplasmin, ENTC Vitamin C ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial damage ENTDEND in rat heart, which was determined by the increased activity of serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and ENTC creatine ENTCEND
0	ENTC ISPH ENTCEND (200 mg/kg body weight in 1 ml saline) to rats for 2 consecutive days caused ENTD myocardial damage ENTDEND
0	ENTD myocardial damage ENTDEND in rat heart, which was determined by the increased activity of serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and creatine phosphokinase isoenzymes (CK-MB), increased uric acid level and reduced plasma iron binding capacity. The protective role of mangiferin was analyzed by triphenyl tetrazolium chloride (TTC) test used for macroscopic enzyme mapping assay of the ischemic myocardium. The heart tissue antioxidant enzymes such as superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione transferase and glutathione reductase activities, non-enzymic antioxidants such as cerruloplasmin, Vitamin C, ENTC Vitamin E ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial damage ENTDEND in rat heart, which was determined by the increased activity of serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and creatine phosphokinase isoenzymes (CK-MB), increased uric acid level and reduced plasma iron binding capacity. The protective role of mangiferin was analyzed by triphenyl tetrazolium chloride (TTC) test used for macroscopic enzyme mapping assay of the ischemic myocardium. The heart tissue antioxidant enzymes such as superoxide dismutase, catalase, ENTC glutathione ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial damage ENTDEND in rat heart, which was determined by the increased activity of serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and creatine phosphokinase isoenzymes (CK-MB), increased uric acid level and reduced plasma iron binding capacity. The protective role of mangiferin was analyzed by triphenyl tetrazolium chloride (TTC) test used for macroscopic enzyme mapping assay of the ischemic myocardium. The heart tissue antioxidant enzymes such as superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione transferase and glutathione reductase activities, non-enzymic antioxidants such as cerruloplasmin, Vitamin C, Vitamin E and glutathione levels were altered in MI rats. Upon pretreatment with mangiferin (100 mg/kg body weight suspended in 2 ml of ENTC dimethyl sulphoxide ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial damage ENTDEND in rat heart, which was determined by the increased activity of serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and creatine phosphokinase isoenzymes (CK-MB), increased uric acid level and reduced plasma iron binding capacity. The protective role of mangiferin was analyzed by triphenyl tetrazolium chloride (TTC) test used for macroscopic enzyme mapping assay of the ischemic myocardium. The heart tissue antioxidant enzymes such as ENTC superoxide ENTCEND
0	ENTD MI ENTDEND  in rats through its antioxidative mechanism. Subcutaneous injection of ISPH (200 mg/kg body weight in 1 ml saline) to rats for 2 consecutive days caused myocardial damage in rat heart, which was determined by the increased activity of serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and creatine phosphokinase isoenzymes (CK-MB), increased uric acid level and reduced plasma ENTC iron ENTCEND
0	ENTD MI ENTDEND  in rats through its antioxidative mechanism. Subcutaneous injection of ISPH (200 mg/kg body weight in 1 ml saline) to rats for 2 consecutive days caused myocardial damage in rat heart, which was determined by the increased activity of serum ENTC lactate ENTCEND
0	ENTD MI ENTDEND rats. Upon pretreatment with ENTC mangiferin ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND  in rats.The current study dealt with the protective role of mangiferin, a ENTC polyphenol ENTCEND
0	ENTD MI ENTDEND  in rats through its antioxidative mechanism. Subcutaneous injection of ISPH (200 mg/kg body weight in 1 ml saline) to rats for 2 consecutive days caused myocardial damage in rat heart, which was determined by the increased activity of serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and creatine phosphokinase isoenzymes (CK-MB), increased ENTC uric acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC TTC ENTCEND  test used for macroscopic enzyme mapping assay of the ischemic myocardium. The heart tissue antioxidant enzymes such as superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione transferase and glutathione reductase activities, non-enzymic antioxidants such as cerruloplasmin, Vitamin C, Vitamin E and glutathione levels were altered in ENTD MI ENTDEND
0	ENTC Vitamin C ENTCEND  Vitamin E and glutathione levels were altered in ENTD MI ENTDEND
0	ENTD MI ENTDEND  in rats through its antioxidative mechanism. Subcutaneous injection of ISPH (200 mg/kg body weight in 1 ml saline) to rats for 2 consecutive days caused myocardial damage in rat heart, which was determined by the increased activity of serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and ENTC creatine ENTCEND
1	ENTC ISPH ENTCEND induced ENTD MI ENTDEND
0	ENTC Vitamin E ENTCEND and glutathione levels were altered in ENTD MI ENTDEND
0	ENTC glutathione ENTCEND levels were altered in ENTD MI ENTDEND
0	ENTC dimethyl sulphoxide ENTCEND  given intraperitoneally for 28 days to ENTD MI ENTDEND
0	ENTC superoxide ENTCEND dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione transferase and glutathione reductase activities, non-enzymic antioxidants such as cerruloplasmin, Vitamin C, Vitamin E and glutathione levels were altered in ENTD MI ENTDEND
0	ENTC iron ENTCEND binding capacity. The protective role of mangiferin was analyzed by triphenyl tetrazolium chloride (TTC) test used for macroscopic enzyme mapping assay of the ischemic myocardium. The heart tissue antioxidant enzymes such as superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione transferase and glutathione reductase activities, non-enzymic antioxidants such as cerruloplasmin, Vitamin C, Vitamin E and glutathione levels were altered in MI rats. Upon pretreatment with mangiferin (100 mg/kg body weight suspended in 2 ml of dimethyl sulphoxide) given intraperitoneally for 28 days to MI rats protected the above-mentioned parameters to fall from the normal levels. Activities of heart tissue enzymic antioxidants and serum non-enzymic antioxidants levels rose significantly upon mangiferin administration as compared to ISPH-induced MI rats. From the present study it is concluded that mangiferin exerts a beneficial effect against ISPH-induced MI due to its antioxidant potential, which regulated the tissues defense system against ENTD cardiac damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC lactate ENTCEND dehydrogenase (LDH) and creatine phosphokinase isoenzymes (CK-MB), increased uric acid level and reduced plasma iron binding capacity. The protective role of mangiferin was analyzed by triphenyl tetrazolium chloride (TTC) test used for macroscopic enzyme mapping assay of the ischemic myocardium. The heart tissue antioxidant enzymes such as superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione transferase and glutathione reductase activities, non-enzymic antioxidants such as cerruloplasmin, Vitamin C, Vitamin E and glutathione levels were altered in MI rats. Upon pretreatment with mangiferin (100 mg/kg body weight suspended in 2 ml of dimethyl sulphoxide) given intraperitoneally for 28 days to MI rats protected the above-mentioned parameters to fall from the normal levels. Activities of heart tissue enzymic antioxidants and serum non-enzymic antioxidants levels rose significantly upon mangiferin administration as compared to ISPH-induced MI rats. From the present study it is concluded that mangiferin exerts a beneficial effect against ISPH-induced MI due to its antioxidant potential, which regulated the tissues defense system against ENTD cardiac damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC mangiferin ENTCEND exerts a beneficial effect against ISPH-induced MI due to its antioxidant potential, which regulated the tissues defense system against ENTD cardiac damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC uric acid ENTCEND level and reduced plasma iron binding capacity. The protective role of mangiferin was analyzed by triphenyl tetrazolium chloride (TTC) test used for macroscopic enzyme mapping assay of the ischemic myocardium. The heart tissue antioxidant enzymes such as superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione transferase and glutathione reductase activities, non-enzymic antioxidants such as cerruloplasmin, Vitamin C, Vitamin E and glutathione levels were altered in MI rats. Upon pretreatment with mangiferin (100 mg/kg body weight suspended in 2 ml of dimethyl sulphoxide) given intraperitoneally for 28 days to MI rats protected the above-mentioned parameters to fall from the normal levels. Activities of heart tissue enzymic antioxidants and serum non-enzymic antioxidants levels rose significantly upon mangiferin administration as compared to ISPH-induced MI rats. From the present study it is concluded that mangiferin exerts a beneficial effect against ISPH-induced MI due to its antioxidant potential, which regulated the tissues defense system against ENTD cardiac damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC TTC ENTCEND  test used for macroscopic enzyme mapping assay of the ischemic myocardium. The heart tissue antioxidant enzymes such as superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione transferase and glutathione reductase activities, non-enzymic antioxidants such as cerruloplasmin, Vitamin C, Vitamin E and glutathione levels were altered in MI rats. Upon pretreatment with mangiferin (100 mg/kg body weight suspended in 2 ml of dimethyl sulphoxide) given intraperitoneally for 28 days to MI rats protected the above-mentioned parameters to fall from the normal levels. Activities of heart tissue enzymic antioxidants and serum non-enzymic antioxidants levels rose significantly upon mangiferin administration as compared to ISPH-induced MI rats. From the present study it is concluded that mangiferin exerts a beneficial effect against ISPH-induced MI due to its antioxidant potential, which regulated the tissues defense system against ENTD cardiac damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC Vitamin C ENTCEND  Vitamin E and glutathione levels were altered in MI rats. Upon pretreatment with mangiferin (100 mg/kg body weight suspended in 2 ml of dimethyl sulphoxide) given intraperitoneally for 28 days to MI rats protected the above-mentioned parameters to fall from the normal levels. Activities of heart tissue enzymic antioxidants and serum non-enzymic antioxidants levels rose significantly upon mangiferin administration as compared to ISPH-induced MI rats. From the present study it is concluded that mangiferin exerts a beneficial effect against ISPH-induced MI due to its antioxidant potential, which regulated the tissues defense system against ENTD cardiac damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND phosphokinase isoenzymes (CK-MB), increased uric acid level and reduced plasma iron binding capacity. The protective role of mangiferin was analyzed by triphenyl tetrazolium chloride (TTC) test used for macroscopic enzyme mapping assay of the ischemic myocardium. The heart tissue antioxidant enzymes such as superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione transferase and glutathione reductase activities, non-enzymic antioxidants such as cerruloplasmin, Vitamin C, Vitamin E and glutathione levels were altered in MI rats. Upon pretreatment with mangiferin (100 mg/kg body weight suspended in 2 ml of dimethyl sulphoxide) given intraperitoneally for 28 days to MI rats protected the above-mentioned parameters to fall from the normal levels. Activities of heart tissue enzymic antioxidants and serum non-enzymic antioxidants levels rose significantly upon mangiferin administration as compared to ISPH-induced MI rats. From the present study it is concluded that mangiferin exerts a beneficial effect against ISPH-induced MI due to its antioxidant potential, which regulated the tissues defense system against ENTD cardiac damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC ISPH ENTCEND induced MI due to its antioxidant potential, which regulated the tissues defense system against ENTD cardiac damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC Vitamin E ENTCEND and glutathione levels were altered in MI rats. Upon pretreatment with mangiferin (100 mg/kg body weight suspended in 2 ml of dimethyl sulphoxide) given intraperitoneally for 28 days to MI rats protected the above-mentioned parameters to fall from the normal levels. Activities of heart tissue enzymic antioxidants and serum non-enzymic antioxidants levels rose significantly upon mangiferin administration as compared to ISPH-induced MI rats. From the present study it is concluded that mangiferin exerts a beneficial effect against ISPH-induced MI due to its antioxidant potential, which regulated the tissues defense system against ENTD cardiac damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC glutathione ENTCEND levels were altered in MI rats. Upon pretreatment with mangiferin (100 mg/kg body weight suspended in 2 ml of dimethyl sulphoxide) given intraperitoneally for 28 days to MI rats protected the above-mentioned parameters to fall from the normal levels. Activities of heart tissue enzymic antioxidants and serum non-enzymic antioxidants levels rose significantly upon mangiferin administration as compared to ISPH-induced MI rats. From the present study it is concluded that mangiferin exerts a beneficial effect against ISPH-induced MI due to its antioxidant potential, which regulated the tissues defense system against ENTD cardiac damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC dimethyl sulphoxide ENTCEND  given intraperitoneally for 28 days to MI rats protected the above-mentioned parameters to fall from the normal levels. Activities of heart tissue enzymic antioxidants and serum non-enzymic antioxidants levels rose significantly upon mangiferin administration as compared to ISPH-induced MI rats. From the present study it is concluded that mangiferin exerts a beneficial effect against ISPH-induced MI due to its antioxidant potential, which regulated the tissues defense system against ENTD cardiac damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC superoxide ENTCEND dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione transferase and glutathione reductase activities, non-enzymic antioxidants such as cerruloplasmin, Vitamin C, Vitamin E and glutathione levels were altered in MI rats. Upon pretreatment with mangiferin (100 mg/kg body weight suspended in 2 ml of dimethyl sulphoxide) given intraperitoneally for 28 days to MI rats protected the above-mentioned parameters to fall from the normal levels. Activities of heart tissue enzymic antioxidants and serum non-enzymic antioxidants levels rose significantly upon mangiferin administration as compared to ISPH-induced MI rats. From the present study it is concluded that mangiferin exerts a beneficial effect against ISPH-induced MI due to its antioxidant potential, which regulated the tissues defense system against ENTD cardiac damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC iron ENTCEND binding capacity. The protective role of mangiferin was analyzed by triphenyl tetrazolium chloride (TTC) test used for macroscopic enzyme mapping assay of the ENTD ischemic myocardium ENTDEND
0	ENTC lactate ENTCEND dehydrogenase (LDH) and creatine phosphokinase isoenzymes (CK-MB), increased uric acid level and reduced plasma iron binding capacity. The protective role of mangiferin was analyzed by triphenyl tetrazolium chloride (TTC) test used for macroscopic enzyme mapping assay of the ENTD ischemic myocardium ENTDEND
0	ENTC mangiferin ENTCEND was analyzed by triphenyl tetrazolium chloride (TTC) test used for macroscopic enzyme mapping assay of the ENTD ischemic myocardium ENTDEND
0	ENTC polyphenol ENTCEND from Mangifera indica Linn. (Anacardiaceae), on isoproterenol (ISPH)-induced myocardial infarction (MI) in rats through its antioxidative mechanism. Subcutaneous injection of ISPH (200 mg/kg body weight in 1 ml saline) to rats for 2 consecutive days caused myocardial damage in rat heart, which was determined by the increased activity of serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and creatine phosphokinase isoenzymes (CK-MB), increased uric acid level and reduced plasma iron binding capacity. The protective role of mangiferin was analyzed by triphenyl tetrazolium chloride (TTC) test used for macroscopic enzyme mapping assay of the ENTD ischemic myocardium ENTDEND
0	ENTC uric acid ENTCEND level and reduced plasma iron binding capacity. The protective role of mangiferin was analyzed by triphenyl tetrazolium chloride (TTC) test used for macroscopic enzyme mapping assay of the ENTD ischemic myocardium ENTDEND
0	ENTC TTC ENTCEND  test used for macroscopic enzyme mapping assay of the ENTD ischemic myocardium ENTDEND
0	ENTD ischemic myocardium ENTDEND  The heart tissue antioxidant enzymes such as superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione transferase and glutathione reductase activities, non-enzymic antioxidants such as cerruloplasmin, ENTC Vitamin C ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND phosphokinase isoenzymes (CK-MB), increased uric acid level and reduced plasma iron binding capacity. The protective role of mangiferin was analyzed by triphenyl tetrazolium chloride (TTC) test used for macroscopic enzyme mapping assay of the ENTD ischemic myocardium ENTDEND
0	ENTC ISPH ENTCEND (200 mg/kg body weight in 1 ml saline) to rats for 2 consecutive days caused myocardial damage in rat heart, which was determined by the increased activity of serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and creatine phosphokinase isoenzymes (CK-MB), increased uric acid level and reduced plasma iron binding capacity. The protective role of mangiferin was analyzed by triphenyl tetrazolium chloride (TTC) test used for macroscopic enzyme mapping assay of the ENTD ischemic myocardium ENTDEND
0	ENTD ischemic myocardium ENTDEND  The heart tissue antioxidant enzymes such as superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione transferase and glutathione reductase activities, non-enzymic antioxidants such as cerruloplasmin, Vitamin C, ENTC Vitamin E ENTCEND
0	ENTD ischemic myocardium ENTDEND  The heart tissue antioxidant enzymes such as superoxide dismutase, catalase, ENTC glutathione ENTCEND
0	ENTD ischemic myocardium ENTDEND  The heart tissue antioxidant enzymes such as superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione transferase and glutathione reductase activities, non-enzymic antioxidants such as cerruloplasmin, Vitamin C, Vitamin E and glutathione levels were altered in MI rats. Upon pretreatment with mangiferin (100 mg/kg body weight suspended in 2 ml of ENTC dimethyl sulphoxide ENTCEND
0	ENTD ischemic myocardium ENTDEND  The heart tissue antioxidant enzymes such as ENTC superoxide ENTCEND
0	ENTD drug abuse ENTDEND  RESULTS: Nearly half of the pregnant drinkers abstained after learning of their pregnancies. When women reportedly quit drinking early in their pregnancies, fetal growth measures were not significantly different from a non-alcohol-exposed group, regardless of prior drinking patterns. Any alcohol consumption postpregnancy recognition among the heavy drinkers resulted in reduced cerebellar growth as well as decreased cranial to body growth in comparison with women who either quit drinking or who were nondrinkers. ENTC Amphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD drug abuse ENTDEND  RESULTS: Nearly half of the pregnant drinkers abstained after learning of their pregnancies. When women reportedly quit drinking early in their pregnancies, fetal growth measures were not significantly different from a non- ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
1	ENTD decreased cranial to body growth ENTDEND in comparison with women who either quit drinking or who were nondrinkers. ENTC Amphetamine ENTCEND
1	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND related fetal ENTD growth impairment ENTDEND
0	ENTC SM 21 ENTCEND significantly attenuated cocaine-induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
1	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTC UMB24 ENTCEND or (+/-)-SM 21 significantly attenuated cocaine-induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTD idiopathic Parkinson's disease ENTDEND after exposure to the ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND
0	ENTC fluoxetine ENTCEND in ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND antagonistic capacity of fluoxetine in ENTD Parkinson's disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD Depression ENTDEND is a major clinical feature of Parkinson's disease. We report the increased amount of motor disability in four patients with idiopathic Parkinson's disease after exposure to the ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND
0	ENTC fluoxetine ENTCEND  medication. ENTD Depression ENTDEND
0	ENTD Depression ENTDEND is a major clinical feature of Parkinson's disease. We report the increased amount of motor disability in four patients with idiopathic Parkinson's disease after exposure to the antidepressant fluoxetine. The possibility of a clinically relevant ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD motor disability ENTDEND in four patients with idiopathic Parkinson's disease after exposure to the ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND
1	ENTD Parkinson disability ENTDEND  after ENTC fluoxetine ENTCEND
0	ENTD motor disability ENTDEND in four patients with idiopathic Parkinson's disease after exposure to the antidepressant fluoxetine. The possibility of a clinically relevant ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD nausea ENTDEND and injection-site pain in the placebo group. Flumazenil was found to promptly reverse sedation induced by ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
1	ENTC flumazenil ENTCEND group and ENTD nausea ENTDEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND in the placebo group. Flumazenil was found to promptly reverse sedation induced by ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND in the placebo group. ENTC Flumazenil ENTCEND
0	ENTD vomiting ENTDEND in the flumazenil group and nausea and injection-site pain in the placebo group. Flumazenil was found to promptly reverse sedation induced by ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
1	ENTD vomiting ENTDEND in the ENTC flumazenil ENTCEND
0	ENTC phenytoin ENTCEND treatment for ENTD trigeminal neuralgia ENTDEND
0	ENTC phenytoin ENTCEND treatment in some epileptic patients may be the direct result of medication, unrelated to ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC phenytoin ENTCEND treatment in some ENTD epileptic ENTDEND
0	ENTD psychosis ENTDEND following ENTC phenytoin ENTCEND
0	ENTD tongue swelling ENTDEND and protrusion developed within 10 minutes of the administration of a single IV dose of ENTC droperidol ENTCEND
0	ENTD drug allergies ENTDEND in whom angioedema with significant tongue swelling and protrusion developed within 10 minutes of the administration of a single IV dose of ENTC droperidol ENTCEND
0	ENTD tongue swelling ENTDEND and protrusion developed within 10 minutes of the administration of a single IV dose of ENTC droperidol ENTCEND
0	ENTC droperidol ENTCEND  administration.Angioedema, also known as angioneurotic edema or Quincke's disease, is a well-demarcated, localized edema involving the subcutaneous tissues that may cause ENTD upper-airway obstruction ENTDEND
1	ENTD Angioedema ENTDEND  associated with ENTC droperidol ENTCEND
0	ENTC MC ENTCEND , an inducer of P4501A1/1A2, did not produce any significant effect in the incidence of lindane induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND  pretreatment with ENTC phenobarbital ENTCEND
1	ENTC lindane ENTCEND induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND  pretreatment with phenobarbital (PB), an inducer of P450 2B1/2B2 or ENTC ethanol ENTCEND
0	ENTC NDMA ENTCEND d are due to the increase in the levels of P450 2B1/2B2, 1A1/1A2 and 2E1 isoenzymes, respectively. Induction studies have further shown that while pretreatment of 3-methylcholanthrene (MC), an inducer of P4501A1/1A2, did not produce any significant effect in the incidence of lindane induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTC cobalt chloride ENTCEND incidence of ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTC MC ENTCEND , an inducer of P4501A1/1A2, did not produce any significant effect in the incidence of lindane induced convulsions, pretreatment with phenobarbital (PB), an inducer of P450 2B1/2B2 or ethanol, an inducer of P450 2E1 catalysed reactions, significantly increased the incidence of lindane induced convulsions. Similarly, when the P450-mediated metabolism of lindane was blocked by cobalt chloride incidence of convulsions was increased in animals treated with lindane indicating that lindane per se or its metabolites formed by PB or ethanol inducible P450 isoenzymes are involved in its neurobehavioral ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC phenobarbital ENTCEND (PB), an inducer of P450 2B1/2B2 or ethanol, an inducer of P450 2E1 catalysed reactions, significantly increased the incidence of lindane induced convulsions. Similarly, when the P450-mediated metabolism of lindane was blocked by cobalt chloride incidence of convulsions was increased in animals treated with lindane indicating that lindane per se or its metabolites formed by PB or ethanol inducible P450 isoenzymes are involved in its neurobehavioral ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC lindane ENTCEND per se or its metabolites formed by PB or ethanol inducible P450 isoenzymes are involved in its neurobehavioral ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC ethanol ENTCEND inducible P450 isoenzymes are involved in its neurobehavioral ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC NDMA ENTCEND d are due to the increase in the levels of P450 2B1/2B2, 1A1/1A2 and 2E1 isoenzymes, respectively. Induction studies have further shown that while pretreatment of 3-methylcholanthrene (MC), an inducer of P4501A1/1A2, did not produce any significant effect in the incidence of lindane induced convulsions, pretreatment with phenobarbital (PB), an inducer of P450 2B1/2B2 or ethanol, an inducer of P450 2E1 catalysed reactions, significantly increased the incidence of lindane induced convulsions. Similarly, when the P450-mediated metabolism of lindane was blocked by cobalt chloride incidence of convulsions was increased in animals treated with lindane indicating that lindane per se or its metabolites formed by PB or ethanol inducible P450 isoenzymes are involved in its neurobehavioral ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC cobalt chloride ENTCEND incidence of convulsions was increased in animals treated with lindane indicating that lindane per se or its metabolites formed by PB or ethanol inducible P450 isoenzymes are involved in its neurobehavioral ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND .Oral administration of lindane (2.5, 5, 10 and 15 mg/kg, body weight) for 5 days was found to produce a dose-dependent increase in the activity of P450 dependent 7-ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD), 7-pentoxyresorufin-O-dealkylase (PROD) and N-nitrosodimethylamine demethylase (NDMA-d) in rat brain and liver. A significant increase in the hepatic and brain P450 monooxygenases was also observed when the duration of exposure of low dose (2.5 mg/kg) of lindane was increased from 5 days to 15 or 21 days. As observed with different doses, the magnitude of induction in the activity of P450 monooxygenases was several fold higher in liver microsomes when compared with the brain. Western blotting studies have indicated that the increase in the P450 enzymes could be due to the increase in the expression of P450 1A1/1A2, 2B1/2B2 and 2E1 isoenzymes. In vitro studies using organic inhibitors specific for individual P450 isoenzymes and antibody inhibition experiments have further demonstrated that the increase in the activity of PROD, EROD and NDMA-d are due to the increase in the levels of P450 2B1/2B2, 1A1/1A2 and 2E1 isoenzymes, respectively. Induction studies have further shown that while pretreatment of ENTC 3-methylcholanthrene ENTCEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND .Oral administration of lindane (2.5, 5, 10 and 15 mg/kg, body weight) for 5 days was found to produce a dose-dependent increase in the activity of P450 dependent 7-ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD), 7-pentoxyresorufin-O-dealkylase (PROD) and N-nitrosodimethylamine demethylase (NDMA-d) in rat brain and liver. A significant increase in the hepatic and brain P450 monooxygenases was also observed when the duration of exposure of low dose (2.5 mg/kg) of lindane was increased from 5 days to 15 or 21 days. As observed with different doses, the magnitude of induction in the activity of P450 monooxygenases was several fold higher in liver microsomes when compared with the brain. Western blotting studies have indicated that the increase in the P450 enzymes could be due to the increase in the expression of P450 1A1/1A2, 2B1/2B2 and 2E1 isoenzymes. In vitro studies using organic inhibitors specific for individual P450 isoenzymes and antibody inhibition experiments have further demonstrated that the increase in the activity of PROD, EROD and NDMA-d are due to the increase in the levels of P450 2B1/2B2, 1A1/1A2 and 2E1 isoenzymes, respectively. Induction studies have further shown that while pretreatment of 3-methylcholanthrene (MC), an inducer of P4501A1/1A2, did not produce any significant effect in the incidence of lindane induced convulsions, pretreatment with ENTC phenobarbital ENTCEND
0	ENTC lindane ENTCEND  induced ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND .Oral administration of lindane (2.5, 5, 10 and 15 mg/kg, body weight) for 5 days was found to produce a dose-dependent increase in the activity of P450 dependent 7-ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD), 7-pentoxyresorufin-O-dealkylase (PROD) and N-nitrosodimethylamine demethylase (NDMA-d) in rat brain and liver. A significant increase in the hepatic and brain P450 monooxygenases was also observed when the duration of exposure of low dose (2.5 mg/kg) of lindane was increased from 5 days to 15 or 21 days. As observed with different doses, the magnitude of induction in the activity of P450 monooxygenases was several fold higher in liver microsomes when compared with the brain. Western blotting studies have indicated that the increase in the P450 enzymes could be due to the increase in the expression of P450 1A1/1A2, 2B1/2B2 and 2E1 isoenzymes. In vitro studies using organic inhibitors specific for individual P450 isoenzymes and antibody inhibition experiments have further demonstrated that the increase in the activity of PROD, EROD and NDMA-d are due to the increase in the levels of P450 2B1/2B2, 1A1/1A2 and 2E1 isoenzymes, respectively. Induction studies have further shown that while pretreatment of 3-methylcholanthrene (MC), an inducer of P4501A1/1A2, did not produce any significant effect in the incidence of lindane induced convulsions, pretreatment with phenobarbital (PB), an inducer of P450 2B1/2B2 or ENTC ethanol ENTCEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND .Oral administration of lindane (2.5, 5, 10 and 15 mg/kg, body weight) for 5 days was found to produce a dose-dependent increase in the activity of P450 dependent 7-ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD), 7-pentoxyresorufin-O-dealkylase (PROD) and ENTC N-nitrosodimethylamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND was discontinued, two of the children returned to their former state very quickly, two had the minor motor ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND was discontinued, two of the children returned to their former state very quickly, two had the minor motor seizures resolve in 3 and 6 months, and one had the seizures persist. The child in whom the seizures persisted was later found to have ENTD ceroid lipofuscinosis ENTDEND
1	ENTD Myoclonic, atonic, and absence seizures ENTDEND  following institution of ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND
0	ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND for ENTD epilepsy ENTDEND
1	ENTD Myoclonic, atonic, and absence seizures ENTDEND  following institution of ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND
0	ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND and vigabatrin. Despite the underlying diseases, the prognosis for drug-induced de novo absence seizure is good because it subsides rapidly after discontinuing the use of the offending drugs. The gamma-aminobutyric acid-transmitted thalamocortical circuitry accounts for a major part of the underlying neurophysiology of the absence epilepsy. Because drug-induced de novo absence seizure is rare, pro-absence drugs can only be considered a promoting factor. The underlying epileptogenecity of the patients or the synergistic effects of the accompanying drugs is required to trigger the de novo absence seizure. The possibility of drug-induced aggravation should be considered whenever an unexpected increase in ENTD seizure ENTDEND
0	ENTC gamma-aminobutyric acid ENTCEND transmitted thalamocortical circuitry accounts for a major part of the underlying neurophysiology of the absence epilepsy. Because drug-induced de novo absence seizure is rare, pro-absence drugs can only be considered a promoting factor. The underlying epileptogenecity of the patients or the synergistic effects of the accompanying drugs is required to trigger the de novo absence seizure. The possibility of drug-induced aggravation should be considered whenever an unexpected increase in ENTD seizure ENTDEND
0	ENTC vigabatrin ENTCEND  Despite the underlying diseases, the prognosis for drug-induced de novo absence seizure is good because it subsides rapidly after discontinuing the use of the offending drugs. The gamma-aminobutyric acid-transmitted thalamocortical circuitry accounts for a major part of the underlying neurophysiology of the absence epilepsy. Because drug-induced de novo absence seizure is rare, pro-absence drugs can only be considered a promoting factor. The underlying epileptogenecity of the patients or the synergistic effects of the accompanying drugs is required to trigger the de novo absence seizure. The possibility of drug-induced aggravation should be considered whenever an unexpected increase in ENTD seizure ENTDEND
1	ENTD absence epilepsy ENTDEND after administration of ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND
0	ENTD absence seizure ENTDEND is good because it subsides rapidly after discontinuing the use of the offending drugs. The ENTC gamma-aminobutyric acid ENTCEND
1	ENTD absence epilepsy ENTDEND after administration of carbamazepine and ENTC vigabatrin ENTCEND
0	ENTD epileptic ENTDEND  drugs-induced de novo absence seizures.The authors present three patients with de novo absence epilepsy after administration of ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND
0	ENTD epileptic ENTDEND  drugs-induced de novo absence seizures.The authors present three patients with de novo absence epilepsy after administration of carbamazepine and vigabatrin. Despite the underlying diseases, the prognosis for drug-induced de novo absence seizure is good because it subsides rapidly after discontinuing the use of the offending drugs. The ENTC gamma-aminobutyric acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD epileptic ENTDEND  drugs-induced de novo absence seizures.The authors present three patients with de novo absence epilepsy after administration of carbamazepine and ENTC vigabatrin ENTCEND
1	ENTC heparin ENTCEND -induced ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND
0	ENTC warfarin ENTCEND (11 patients). Three patients died. CONCLUSIONS: Delayed-onset heparin-induced ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD thromboembolism ENTDEND  results of ENTC heparin ENTCEND
0	ENTC warfarin ENTCEND (11 patients). Three patients died. CONCLUSIONS: Delayed-onset heparin-induced thrombocytopenia is increasingly being recognized. To avoid disastrous outcomes, physicians must consider heparin-induced thrombocytopenia whenever a recently hospitalized patient returns with ENTD thromboembolism ENTDEND
1	ENTC heparin ENTCEND exposure, with or without ENTD arterial or venous thromboemboli ENTDEND
1	ENTC heparin ENTCEND exposure, with or without ENTD arterial or venous thromboemboli ENTDEND
1	ENTD pulmonary emboli ENTDEND  or arterial (4 patients) or both. Platelet counts were mildly decreased in all but 2 patients on second presentation. On readmission, 11 patients received therapeutic ENTC heparin ENTCEND
0	ENTD pulmonary emboli ENTDEND  or arterial (4 patients) or both. Platelet counts were mildly decreased in all but 2 patients on second presentation. On readmission, 11 patients received therapeutic heparin, which worsened the patients' clinical condition and, in all 11 cases, decreased the platelet count (mean at readmission, 143 x 10(9) cells/L; mean nadir after heparin re-exposure, 39 x 10(9) cells/L). Results of serologic tests for heparin-induced antibodies were positive in all patients. Subsequent treatments included alternative anticoagulants (11 patients), thrombolytic drugs (3 patients), inferior vena cava filters (3 patients) and, eventually, ENTC warfarin ENTCEND
0	ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTD overdose ENTDEND  whereas activities were increased equally in patients with fulminant hepatic failure due to viral hepatitis whether or not they survived. A correlation was found between serum acid protease activity and prothrombin time, and the increase in cathepsin D activity was sustained over several days compared with ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
1	ENTD fulminant hepatic failure ENTDEND after ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND
0	ENTD fulminant hepatic failure ENTDEND due to viral hepatitis whether or not they survived. A correlation was found between serum acid protease activity and prothrombin time, and the increase in cathepsin D activity was sustained over several days compared with ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND overdose, whereas activities were increased equally in patients with fulminant hepatic failure due to ENTD viral hepatitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD viral hepatitis ENTDEND whether or not they survived. A correlation was found between serum acid protease activity and prothrombin time, and the increase in cathepsin D activity was sustained over several days compared with ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTD infection ENTDEND  and malignancy. While withdrawal of ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTD infection ENTDEND  and malignancy. While withdrawal of amiodarone leads to clinical improvement in majority of cases, this is not always possible or advisable. Dose reduction or concomitant ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTC Amiodarone ENTCEND ENTD pulmonary toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD pulmonary toxicity ENTDEND are characteristic but nonspecific. The diagnosis depends on exclusion of other entities, such as heart failure, infection, and malignancy. While withdrawal of amiodarone leads to clinical improvement in majority of cases, this is not always possible or advisable. Dose reduction or concomitant ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTD malignancy ENTDEND  While withdrawal of ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTD malignancy ENTDEND  While withdrawal of amiodarone leads to clinical improvement in majority of cases, this is not always possible or advisable. Dose reduction or concomitant ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypersensitivity pneumonitis ENTDEND  The clinical and radiographic features of ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypersensitivity pneumonitis ENTDEND  The clinical and radiographic features of amiodarone-induced pulmonary toxicity are characteristic but nonspecific. The diagnosis depends on exclusion of other entities, such as heart failure, infection, and malignancy. While withdrawal of amiodarone leads to clinical improvement in majority of cases, this is not always possible or advisable. Dose reduction or concomitant ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND  infection, and malignancy. While withdrawal of ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND  infection, and malignancy. While withdrawal of amiodarone leads to clinical improvement in majority of cases, this is not always possible or advisable. Dose reduction or concomitant ENTC steroid ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypersensitivity pneumonitis ENTDEND  The clinical and radiographic features of ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypersensitivity pneumonitis ENTDEND  The clinical and radiographic features of amiodarone-induced pulmonary toxicity are characteristic but nonspecific. The diagnosis depends on exclusion of other entities, such as heart failure, infection, and malignancy. While withdrawal of amiodarone leads to clinical improvement in majority of cases, this is not always possible or advisable. Dose reduction or concomitant ENTC steroid ENTCEND
1	ENTD pneumonitis ENTDEND  The pulmonary toxicity of ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTD pneumonitis ENTDEND  The pulmonary toxicity of amiodarone is thought to result from direct injury related to the intracellular accumulation of phospholipid and T cell-mediated hypersensitivity pneumonitis. The clinical and radiographic features of amiodarone-induced pulmonary toxicity are characteristic but nonspecific. The diagnosis depends on exclusion of other entities, such as heart failure, infection, and malignancy. While withdrawal of amiodarone leads to clinical improvement in majority of cases, this is not always possible or advisable. Dose reduction or concomitant ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTD cyanosis ENTDEND  The 80 patients in the study consecutively received either iopromide (group A, n = 40) or iohexol (group B, n = 40). Serum ENTC sodium ENTCEND
0	ENTC CM ENTCEND and the presence of ENTD cyanosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD cyanosis ENTDEND  The 80 patients in the study consecutively received either iopromide (group A, n = 40) or iohexol (group B, n = 40). Serum sodium (Na), potassium (K), and ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cyanosis ENTDEND  The 80 patients in the study consecutively received either iopromide (group A, n = 40) or iohexol (group B, n = 40). Serum sodium (Na), ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTD cyanosis ENTDEND  The 80 patients in the study consecutively received either ENTC iopromide ENTCEND
0	ENTD cyanosis ENTDEND  The 80 patients in the study consecutively received either iopromide (group A, n = 40) or ENTC iohexol ENTCEND
0	ENTC Na ENTCEND and Cr also were checked at the same intervals. Risk of renal failure, Injury to the kidney, Failure of kidney function, Loss of kidney function, and End-stage renal damage (RIFLE criteria) were used to define CIN and its incidence in the study population. Accordingly, among the 15 CIN patients (18.75%), 7.5% of the patients in group A had increased risk and 3.75% had renal injury, whereas 5% of group B had increased risk and 2.5% had renal injury. Whereas 33.3% of the patients with CIN were among those who received the proper dosage of CM, the percentage increased to 66.6% among those who received larger doses, with a significant difference in the incidence of CIN related to the different dosages of CM (p = 0.014). Among the 15 patients with CIN, 6 had cyanotic ENTD congenital heart diseases ENTDEND
0	ENTC CM ENTCEND (p = 0.014). Among the 15 patients with CIN, 6 had cyanotic ENTD congenital heart diseases ENTDEND
0	ENTC Cr ENTCEND also were checked at the same intervals. Risk of renal failure, Injury to the kidney, Failure of kidney function, Loss of kidney function, and End-stage renal damage (RIFLE criteria) were used to define CIN and its incidence in the study population. Accordingly, among the 15 CIN patients (18.75%), 7.5% of the patients in group A had increased risk and 3.75% had renal injury, whereas 5% of group B had increased risk and 2.5% had renal injury. Whereas 33.3% of the patients with CIN were among those who received the proper dosage of CM, the percentage increased to 66.6% among those who received larger doses, with a significant difference in the incidence of CIN related to the different dosages of CM (p = 0.014). Among the 15 patients with CIN, 6 had cyanotic ENTD congenital heart diseases ENTDEND
0	ENTC K ENTCEND , and creatinine (Cr) were measured 24 h before angiography as baseline values, then measured again at 12-, 24-, and 48-h intervals after CM use. Urine samples for Na and Cr also were checked at the same intervals. Risk of renal failure, Injury to the kidney, Failure of kidney function, Loss of kidney function, and End-stage renal damage (RIFLE criteria) were used to define CIN and its incidence in the study population. Accordingly, among the 15 CIN patients (18.75%), 7.5% of the patients in group A had increased risk and 3.75% had renal injury, whereas 5% of group B had increased risk and 2.5% had renal injury. Whereas 33.3% of the patients with CIN were among those who received the proper dosage of CM, the percentage increased to 66.6% among those who received larger doses, with a significant difference in the incidence of CIN related to the different dosages of CM (p = 0.014). Among the 15 patients with CIN, 6 had cyanotic ENTD congenital heart diseases ENTDEND
0	ENTC Na ENTCEND and Cr also were checked at the same intervals. Risk of renal failure, Injury to the kidney, Failure of kidney function, Loss of kidney function, and End-stage ENTD renal damage ENTDEND
1	ENTC contrast media ENTCEND induced ENTD nephropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC Cr ENTCEND also were checked at the same intervals. Risk of renal failure, Injury to the kidney, Failure of kidney function, Loss of kidney function, and End-stage ENTD renal damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC K ENTCEND , and creatinine (Cr) were measured 24 h before angiography as baseline values, then measured again at 12-, 24-, and 48-h intervals after CM use. Urine samples for Na and Cr also were checked at the same intervals. Risk of renal failure, Injury to the kidney, Failure of kidney function, Loss of kidney function, and End-stage ENTD renal damage ENTDEND
1	ENTD CIN ENTDEND for two nonionic contrast media (CM), ENTC iopromide ENTCEND
1	ENTD CIN ENTDEND for two nonionic contrast media (CM), iopromide and ENTC iohexol ENTCEND
0	ENTC Na ENTCEND and Cr also were checked at the same intervals. Risk of renal failure, ENTD Injury to the kidney ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal injury ENTDEND  Whereas 33.3% of the patients with CIN were among those who received the proper dosage of ENTC CM ENTCEND
0	ENTC Cr ENTCEND also were checked at the same intervals. Risk of renal failure, ENTD Injury to the kidney ENTDEND
0	ENTC K ENTCEND , and creatinine (Cr) were measured 24 h before angiography as baseline values, then measured again at 12-, 24-, and 48-h intervals after CM use. Urine samples for Na and Cr also were checked at the same intervals. Risk of renal failure, ENTD Injury to the kidney ENTDEND
0	ENTC iopromide ENTCEND (group A, n = 40) or iohexol (group B, n = 40). Serum sodium (Na), potassium (K), and creatinine (Cr) were measured 24 h before angiography as baseline values, then measured again at 12-, 24-, and 48-h intervals after CM use. Urine samples for Na and Cr also were checked at the same intervals. Risk of renal failure, ENTD Injury to the kidney ENTDEND
0	ENTC iohexol ENTCEND (group B, n = 40). Serum sodium (Na), potassium (K), and creatinine (Cr) were measured 24 h before angiography as baseline values, then measured again at 12-, 24-, and 48-h intervals after CM use. Urine samples for Na and Cr also were checked at the same intervals. Risk of renal failure, ENTD Injury to the kidney ENTDEND
0	ENTC Na ENTCEND and Cr also were checked at the same intervals. Risk of ENTD renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC CM ENTCEND use. Urine samples for Na and Cr also were checked at the same intervals. Risk of ENTD renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC Cr ENTCEND also were checked at the same intervals. Risk of ENTD renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC K ENTCEND , and creatinine (Cr) were measured 24 h before angiography as baseline values, then measured again at 12-, 24-, and 48-h intervals after CM use. Urine samples for Na and Cr also were checked at the same intervals. Risk of ENTD renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC iopromide ENTCEND (group A, n = 40) or iohexol (group B, n = 40). Serum sodium (Na), potassium (K), and creatinine (Cr) were measured 24 h before angiography as baseline values, then measured again at 12-, 24-, and 48-h intervals after CM use. Urine samples for Na and Cr also were checked at the same intervals. Risk of ENTD renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC iohexol ENTCEND (group B, n = 40). Serum sodium (Na), potassium (K), and creatinine (Cr) were measured 24 h before angiography as baseline values, then measured again at 12-, 24-, and 48-h intervals after CM use. Urine samples for Na and Cr also were checked at the same intervals. Risk of ENTD renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD lung cancer ENTDEND under treatment with ENTC IF ENTCEND
0	ENTD lung cancer ENTDEND .The protective effect of oral administration of the ENTC thiol ENTCEND
0	ENTC MESNA ENTCEND ) to patients with inoperable ENTD lung cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of the cytostatic treatment. Our results support the view that MESNA, given orally in conjunction with combined cytostatic regimens which include ENTC IF ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of the cytostatic treatment. Our results support the view that ENTC MESNA ENTCEND
0	ENTC IF ENTCEND , 4 hr and 8 hr p.i. Out of a total of 88 courses of this treatment we observed 10 episodes of asymptomatic microscopic ENTD haematuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC thiol ENTCEND compound sodium 2-mercaptoethane sulphonate (MESNA) against urothelial toxicity induced by ifosfamide (IF) was tested in a group of 45 patients with inoperable lung cancer under treatment with IF (2250 mg/m2 on days 2-5) as part of a polychemotherapy regimen repeated in a 4-week cycle. MESNA was given orally on the days of treatment with IF in 3 doses of 840 mg/m2, each administered at 0 hr (= injection of IF), 4 hr and 8 hr p.i. Out of a total of 88 courses of this treatment we observed 10 episodes of asymptomatic microscopic ENTD haematuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD haematuria ENTDEND  In this group of 45 patients under protection with ENTC MESNA ENTCEND
1	ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND -induced ENTD urothelial toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC thiol ENTCEND compound sodium 2-mercaptoethane sulphonate (MESNA) against ENTD urothelial toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC MESNA ENTCEND  against ENTD urothelial toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC IF ENTCEND were treated by conventional prophylactic measures (raised fluid intake and forced diuresis). In this group there were 1 complete and 5 partial remissions (total 24%), but nearly all patients developed either gross haematuria and/or symptoms of bladder irritation ( ENTD cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC thiol ENTCEND compound sodium 2-mercaptoethane sulphonate (MESNA) against urothelial toxicity induced by ifosfamide (IF) was tested in a group of 45 patients with inoperable lung cancer under treatment with IF (2250 mg/m2 on days 2-5) as part of a polychemotherapy regimen repeated in a 4-week cycle. MESNA was given orally on the days of treatment with IF in 3 doses of 840 mg/m2, each administered at 0 hr (= injection of IF), 4 hr and 8 hr p.i. Out of a total of 88 courses of this treatment we observed 10 episodes of asymptomatic microscopic haematuria and no episodes of gross haematuria. In this group of 45 patients under protection with MESNA there were 5 complete remissions and 9 partial remissions (total 31%). A further group of 25 patients under polychemotherapy with IF were treated by conventional prophylactic measures (raised fluid intake and forced diuresis). In this group there were 1 complete and 5 partial remissions (total 24%), but nearly all patients developed either gross haematuria and/or symptoms of bladder irritation ( ENTD cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD cystitis ENTDEND and pollakisuria). There were no appreciable differences between the ENTC MESNA ENTCEND
0	ENTC IF ENTCEND were treated by conventional prophylactic measures (raised fluid intake and forced diuresis). In this group there were 1 complete and 5 partial remissions (total 24%), but nearly all patients developed either gross haematuria and/or symptoms of bladder irritation (cystitis and ENTD pollakisuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC thiol ENTCEND compound sodium 2-mercaptoethane sulphonate (MESNA) against urothelial toxicity induced by ifosfamide (IF) was tested in a group of 45 patients with inoperable lung cancer under treatment with IF (2250 mg/m2 on days 2-5) as part of a polychemotherapy regimen repeated in a 4-week cycle. MESNA was given orally on the days of treatment with IF in 3 doses of 840 mg/m2, each administered at 0 hr (= injection of IF), 4 hr and 8 hr p.i. Out of a total of 88 courses of this treatment we observed 10 episodes of asymptomatic microscopic haematuria and no episodes of gross haematuria. In this group of 45 patients under protection with MESNA there were 5 complete remissions and 9 partial remissions (total 31%). A further group of 25 patients under polychemotherapy with IF were treated by conventional prophylactic measures (raised fluid intake and forced diuresis). In this group there were 1 complete and 5 partial remissions (total 24%), but nearly all patients developed either gross haematuria and/or symptoms of bladder irritation (cystitis and ENTD pollakisuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD pollakisuria ENTDEND . There were no appreciable differences between the ENTC MESNA ENTCEND
0	ENTD dementia ENTDEND effects of s-limonene and s-perillyl alcohol were observed using the passive avoidance test (PA) and the open field habituation test (OFH). These lemon essential oils showed strong ability to improve memory impaired by scopolamine; however, s-perillyl alcohol relieved the deficit of associative memory in PA only, and did not improve non-associative memory significantly in OFH. Analysis of neurotransmitter concentration in some brain regions on the test day showed that ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD dementia ENTDEND effects of ENTC s-limonene ENTCEND
0	ENTD dementia ENTDEND effects of s-limonene and ENTC s-perillyl alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTD dementia ENTDEND  induced by ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD deficit of associative memory ENTDEND in PA only, and did not improve non-associative memory significantly in OFH. Analysis of neurotransmitter concentration in some brain regions on the test day showed that ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC s-limonene ENTCEND and s-perillyl alcohol were observed using the passive avoidance test (PA) and the open field habituation test (OFH). These lemon essential oils showed strong ability to improve ENTD memory impaired ENTDEND
0	ENTC s-perillyl alcohol ENTCEND relieved the ENTD deficit of associative memory ENTDEND
1	ENTD memory impaired ENTDEND by ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC vitamin D ENTCEND source is adequate. Pamidronate treatment is associated with considerable risk for hypocalcemia, even in cases of initially severe ENTD hypercalcemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC Pamidronate ENTCEND treatment is associated with considerable risk for hypocalcemia, even in cases of initially severe ENTD hypercalcemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC calcium carbonate ENTCEND induced ENTD hypercalcemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypercalcemia ENTDEND (corrected serum ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD milk-alkali syndrome ENTDEND  RESULTS: The 3 patients had acute renal insufficiency, relative metabolic alkalosis, and low parathyroid hormone (PTH), PTH-related peptide, and ENTC 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypercalcemia ENTDEND and can be precipitated by small amounts of orally ingested calcium carbonate in susceptible persons. Treatment with hydration, ENTC furosemide ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND : the updated milk-alkali syndrome; report of 3 cases and review of the literature.OBJECTIVE: To describe 3 patients with calcium carbonate-induced hypercalcemia and gain insights into the cause and management of the milk-alkali syndrome. METHODS: We report the clinical and laboratory data in 3 patients who presented with severe hypercalcemia (corrected serum calcium > or = 14 mg/dL) and review the pertinent literature on milk-alkali syndrome. RESULTS: The 3 patients had acute renal insufficiency, relative metabolic alkalosis, and low parathyroid hormone (PTH), PTH-related peptide, and 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D concentrations. No malignant lesion was found. Treatment included aggressive hydration and varied amounts of furosemide. The 2 patients with the higher serum calcium concentrations received ENTC pamidronate ENTCEND
0	ENTC Calcium carbonate ENTCEND ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND : the updated milk-alkali syndrome; report of 3 cases and review of the literature.OBJECTIVE: To describe 3 patients with calcium carbonate-induced hypercalcemia and gain insights into the cause and management of the milk-alkali syndrome. METHODS: We report the clinical and laboratory data in 3 patients who presented with severe hypercalcemia (corrected serum ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND : the updated milk-alkali syndrome; report of 3 cases and review of the literature.OBJECTIVE: To describe 3 patients with calcium carbonate-induced hypercalcemia and gain insights into the cause and management of the milk-alkali syndrome. METHODS: We report the clinical and laboratory data in 3 patients who presented with severe hypercalcemia (corrected serum calcium > or = 14 mg/dL) and review the pertinent literature on milk-alkali syndrome. RESULTS: The 3 patients had acute renal insufficiency, relative metabolic alkalosis, and low parathyroid hormone (PTH), PTH-related peptide, and ENTC 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND : the updated milk-alkali syndrome; report of 3 cases and review of the literature.OBJECTIVE: To describe 3 patients with calcium carbonate-induced hypercalcemia and gain insights into the cause and management of the milk-alkali syndrome. METHODS: We report the clinical and laboratory data in 3 patients who presented with severe hypercalcemia (corrected serum calcium > or = 14 mg/dL) and review the pertinent literature on milk-alkali syndrome. RESULTS: The 3 patients had acute renal insufficiency, relative metabolic alkalosis, and low parathyroid hormone (PTH), PTH-related peptide, and 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D concentrations. No malignant lesion was found. Treatment included aggressive hydration and varied amounts of ENTC furosemide ENTCEND
0	ENTD metabolic alkalosis ENTDEND  and low parathyroid hormone (PTH), PTH-related peptide, and 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D concentrations. No malignant lesion was found. Treatment included aggressive hydration and varied amounts of furosemide. The 2 patients with the higher serum calcium concentrations received ENTC pamidronate ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium carbonate ENTCEND induced hypercalcemia and gain insights into the cause and management of the milk-alkali syndrome. METHODS: We report the clinical and laboratory data in 3 patients who presented with severe hypercalcemia (corrected serum calcium > or = 14 mg/dL) and review the pertinent literature on milk-alkali syndrome. RESULTS: The 3 patients had acute renal insufficiency, relative ENTD metabolic alkalosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND > or = 14 mg/dL) and review the pertinent literature on milk-alkali syndrome. RESULTS: The 3 patients had acute renal insufficiency, relative ENTD metabolic alkalosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD metabolic alkalosis ENTDEND  and low parathyroid hormone (PTH), PTH-related peptide, and ENTC 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D ENTCEND
0	ENTD metabolic alkalosis ENTDEND  and low parathyroid hormone (PTH), PTH-related peptide, and 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D concentrations. No malignant lesion was found. Treatment included aggressive hydration and varied amounts of ENTC furosemide ENTCEND
0	ENTC vitamin D ENTCEND source is adequate. Pamidronate treatment is associated with considerable risk for ENTD hypocalcemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC Pamidronate ENTCEND treatment is associated with considerable risk for ENTD hypocalcemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypocalcemia ENTDEND  Of the 3 patients, 2 were ingesting acceptable doses of elemental calcium (1 g and 2 g daily, respectively) in the form of ENTC calcium carbonate ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypocalcemia ENTDEND  Of the 3 patients, 2 were ingesting acceptable doses of elemental ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D ENTCEND concentrations. No malignant lesion was found. Treatment included aggressive hydration and varied amounts of furosemide. The 2 patients with the higher serum calcium concentrations received pamidronate intravenously (60 and 30 mg, respectively), which caused severe ENTD hypocalcemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC furosemide ENTCEND  and discontinuation of the calcium and vitamin D source is adequate. Pamidronate treatment is associated with considerable risk for ENTD hypocalcemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD acute renal insufficiency ENTDEND  relative metabolic alkalosis, and low parathyroid hormone (PTH), PTH-related peptide, and 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D concentrations. No malignant lesion was found. Treatment included aggressive hydration and varied amounts of furosemide. The 2 patients with the higher serum calcium concentrations received ENTC pamidronate ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium carbonate ENTCEND induced hypercalcemia and gain insights into the cause and management of the milk-alkali syndrome. METHODS: We report the clinical and laboratory data in 3 patients who presented with severe hypercalcemia (corrected serum calcium > or = 14 mg/dL) and review the pertinent literature on milk-alkali syndrome. RESULTS: The 3 patients had ENTD acute renal insufficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND > or = 14 mg/dL) and review the pertinent literature on milk-alkali syndrome. RESULTS: The 3 patients had ENTD acute renal insufficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTD acute renal insufficiency ENTDEND  relative metabolic alkalosis, and low parathyroid hormone (PTH), PTH-related peptide, and ENTC 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal insufficiency ENTDEND  relative metabolic alkalosis, and low parathyroid hormone (PTH), PTH-related peptide, and 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D concentrations. No malignant lesion was found. Treatment included aggressive hydration and varied amounts of ENTC furosemide ENTCEND
0	ENTD bipolar mania ENTDEND  METHODS: Data were analyzed from four similarly designed, randomized, double-blind, 3- to 12-week studies. Two studies evaluated quetiapine monotherapy (up to 800 mg/day) (n = 209) versus placebo (n = 198), with lithium or haloperidol monotherapy as respective active controls. Two studies evaluated quetiapine (up to 800 mg/day) in combination with a mood stabilizer (lithium or ENTC divalproex ENTCEND
0	ENTD bipolar mania ENTDEND  METHODS: Data were analyzed from four similarly designed, randomized, double-blind, 3- to 12-week studies. Two studies evaluated quetiapine monotherapy (up to 800 mg/day) (n = 209) versus placebo (n = 198), with ENTC lithium ENTCEND
0	ENTC quetiapine ENTCEND in patients with ENTD bipolar mania ENTDEND
0	ENTD bipolar mania ENTDEND  METHODS: Data were analyzed from four similarly designed, randomized, double-blind, 3- to 12-week studies. Two studies evaluated quetiapine monotherapy (up to 800 mg/day) (n = 209) versus placebo (n = 198), with lithium or ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND
0	ENTC DVP ENTCEND  (n = 203). ENTD Extrapyramidal symptoms ENTDEND
1	ENTC Li ENTCEND DVP) (n = 203). ENTD Extrapyramidal symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTD EPS ENTDEND ) with ENTC quetiapine ENTCEND
1	ENTD EPS ENTDEND occurred in 59.6% of patients treated with ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND
0	ENTC DVP ENTCEND (4.9%). Lithium was associated with a significantly higher incidence (p < 0.05) of ENTD tremor ENTDEND
1	ENTD tremor ENTDEND in patients receiving ENTC lithium ENTCEND
0	ENTD tremor ENTDEND (18.4%) than ENTC quetiapine ENTCEND
1	ENTD tremor ENTDEND in patients receiving lithium therapy. ENTC Haloperidol ENTCEND
0	ENTD akathisia ENTDEND was low and similar with quetiapine monotherapy (3.3%) and placebo (6.1%), and with QTP + Li/ ENTC DVP ENTCEND
0	ENTC lithium ENTCEND therapy. Haloperidol induced a significantly higher incidence (p < 0.001) of ENTD akathisia ENTDEND
0	ENTD akathisia ENTDEND  with ENTC quetiapine ENTCEND
1	ENTC Haloperidol ENTCEND induced a significantly higher incidence (p < 0.001) of ENTD akathisia ENTDEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND uptake inhibitor, on behavioral effects of dopaminomimetics and methoxamine and on the animal behavior in the "behavioral despair" test. A repeated treatment with fluvoxamine (twice daily for 14 days) potentiated in mice and in rats (weaker) the amphetamine-induced ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
1	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND induced ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
1	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND induced by nomifensine in mice remained unaffected by fluvoxamine. The stimulation of locomotor activity by intracerebroventricularly administered ENTC methoxamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND induced by ENTC nomifensine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND induced by nomifensine in mice remained unaffected by fluvoxamine. The stimulation of locomotor activity by intracerebroventricularly administered methoxamine was not affected by repeated treatment with fluvoxamine. Given three times fluvoxamine had no effect on the immobilization time in the "behavioral despair" test in rats. The results indicate that fluvoxamine given repeatedly acts differently than ENTC citalopram ENTCEND
1	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND induced by nomifensine in mice remained unaffected by ENTC fluvoxamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND and afterdischarge durations. The combinations of loreclezole (2.5 mg/kg) with ENTC valproate ENTCEND
1	ENTD seizure ENTDEND and afterdischarge durations. The combinations of loreclezole (2.5 mg/kg) with valproate, clonazepam, or carbamazepine (applied at their subprotective doses) also exhibited antiseizure effect in this test. However, only two first combinations occurred to be of pharmacodynamic nature. Among several chemoconvulsants, bicuculline, N-methyl-D-aspartic acid and BAY k-8644 (the opener of L-type calcium channels) reversed the protective activity of loreclezole alone and its combination with valproate. On the other hand, bicuculline, ENTC aminophylline ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND and afterdischarge durations. The combinations of ENTC loreclezole ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND and afterdischarge durations. The combinations of loreclezole (2.5 mg/kg) with valproate, clonazepam, or carbamazepine (applied at their subprotective doses) also exhibited antiseizure effect in this test. However, only two first combinations occurred to be of pharmacodynamic nature. Among several chemoconvulsants, bicuculline, N-methyl-D-aspartic acid and BAY k-8644 (the opener of L-type ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND and afterdischarge durations. The combinations of loreclezole (2.5 mg/kg) with valproate, clonazepam, or ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND and afterdischarge durations. The combinations of loreclezole (2.5 mg/kg) with valproate, ENTC clonazepam ENTCEND
1	ENTD seizure ENTDEND and afterdischarge durations. The combinations of loreclezole (2.5 mg/kg) with valproate, clonazepam, or carbamazepine (applied at their subprotective doses) also exhibited antiseizure effect in this test. However, only two first combinations occurred to be of pharmacodynamic nature. Among several chemoconvulsants, ENTC bicuculline ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND and afterdischarge durations. The combinations of loreclezole (2.5 mg/kg) with valproate, clonazepam, or carbamazepine (applied at their subprotective doses) also exhibited antiseizure effect in this test. However, only two first combinations occurred to be of pharmacodynamic nature. Among several chemoconvulsants, bicuculline, ENTC N-methyl-D-aspartic acid ENTCEND
1	ENTD seizure ENTDEND and afterdischarge durations. The combinations of loreclezole (2.5 mg/kg) with valproate, clonazepam, or carbamazepine (applied at their subprotective doses) also exhibited antiseizure effect in this test. However, only two first combinations occurred to be of pharmacodynamic nature. Among several chemoconvulsants, bicuculline, N-methyl-D-aspartic acid and ENTC BAY k-8644 ENTCEND
1	ENTD masseter spasm ENTDEND following a standard dose of intravenous ENTC suxamethonium ENTCEND
0	ENTD myotonia congenita ENTDEND in a 24-year-old previously healthy primigravida, who developed life threatening masseter spasm following a standard dose of intravenous ENTC suxamethonium ENTCEND
0	ENTC MK-801 ENTCEND and AP7 previous to systemic injections of haloperidol significantly attenuated the ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC NMDA ENTCEND  receptors in the inferior colliculus can modulate haloperidol-induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
1	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND -induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND induced by the ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC amino acid ENTCEND mediated mechanisms in the IC on the ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTC AP7 ENTCEND previous to systemic injections of haloperidol significantly attenuated the ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND was challenged with prior intracollicular microinjections of ENTC glutamate ENTCEND
0	ENTD embolic events ENTDEND  Idraparinux, a Factor Xa inhibitor, is being evaluated in patients with atrial fibrillation. ENTC Angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTD embolic events ENTDEND  Idraparinux, a Factor Xa inhibitor, is being evaluated in patients with atrial fibrillation. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin II receptor-blocking drugs hold promise in atrial fibrillation through cardiac remodelling. Preliminary studies suggest that ENTC statins ENTCEND
0	ENTC aspirin ENTCEND  in the prevention af ENTD embolic events ENTDEND
0	ENTC vitamin K ENTCEND antagonist drugs in the prevention of ENTD embolic events ENTDEND
0	ENTD embolic events ENTDEND  but has been recently withdrawn because of abnormal liver function tests. The ACTIVE-W (Atrial Fibrillation Clopidogrel Trial with ENTC Irbesartan ENTCEND
0	ENTD embolic events ENTDEND  Idraparinux, a Factor Xa inhibitor, is being evaluated in patients with atrial fibrillation. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and ENTC angiotensin II ENTCEND
0	ENTC clopidogrel ENTCEND plus aspirin) in the prevention af ENTD embolic events ENTDEND
0	ENTC warfarin ENTCEND is superior to platelet therapy (clopidogrel plus aspirin) in the prevention af ENTD embolic events ENTDEND
0	ENTD embolic events ENTDEND  ENTC Idraparinux ENTCEND
0	ENTC Ximelagatran ENTCEND  an oral direct thrombin inhibitor, was found to be as efficient as vitamin K antagonist drugs in the prevention of ENTD embolic events ENTDEND
0	ENTD abnormal liver function ENTDEND tests. The ACTIVE-W (Atrial Fibrillation Clopidogrel Trial with Irbesartan for Prevention of Vascular Events) study has demonstrated that warfarin is superior to platelet therapy (clopidogrel plus aspirin) in the prevention af embolic events. Idraparinux, a Factor Xa inhibitor, is being evaluated in patients with atrial fibrillation. ENTC Angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTD abnormal liver function ENTDEND tests. The ACTIVE-W (Atrial Fibrillation Clopidogrel Trial with Irbesartan for Prevention of Vascular Events) study has demonstrated that warfarin is superior to platelet therapy (clopidogrel plus aspirin) in the prevention af embolic events. Idraparinux, a Factor Xa inhibitor, is being evaluated in patients with atrial fibrillation. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin II receptor-blocking drugs hold promise in atrial fibrillation through cardiac remodelling. Preliminary studies suggest that ENTC statins ENTCEND
0	ENTD abnormal liver function ENTDEND tests. The ACTIVE-W (Atrial Fibrillation Clopidogrel Trial with Irbesartan for Prevention of Vascular Events) study has demonstrated that warfarin is superior to platelet therapy (clopidogrel plus ENTC aspirin ENTCEND
0	ENTC vitamin K ENTCEND antagonist drugs in the prevention of embolic events, but has been recently withdrawn because of ENTD abnormal liver function ENTDEND
0	ENTD abnormal liver function ENTDEND tests. The ACTIVE-W (Atrial Fibrillation Clopidogrel Trial with ENTC Irbesartan ENTCEND
0	ENTD abnormal liver function ENTDEND tests. The ACTIVE-W (Atrial Fibrillation Clopidogrel Trial with Irbesartan for Prevention of Vascular Events) study has demonstrated that warfarin is superior to platelet therapy (clopidogrel plus aspirin) in the prevention af embolic events. Idraparinux, a Factor Xa inhibitor, is being evaluated in patients with atrial fibrillation. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and ENTC angiotensin II ENTCEND
0	ENTD abnormal liver function ENTDEND tests. The ACTIVE-W (Atrial Fibrillation ENTC Clopidogrel ENTCEND
0	ENTD abnormal liver function ENTDEND tests. The ACTIVE-W (Atrial Fibrillation Clopidogrel Trial with Irbesartan for Prevention of Vascular Events) study has demonstrated that ENTC warfarin ENTCEND
0	ENTD abnormal liver function ENTDEND tests. The ACTIVE-W (Atrial Fibrillation Clopidogrel Trial with Irbesartan for Prevention of Vascular Events) study has demonstrated that warfarin is superior to platelet therapy (clopidogrel plus aspirin) in the prevention af embolic events. ENTC Idraparinux ENTCEND
1	ENTC Ximelagatran ENTCEND  an oral direct thrombin inhibitor, was found to be as efficient as vitamin K antagonist drugs in the prevention of embolic events, but has been recently withdrawn because of ENTD abnormal liver function ENTDEND
0	ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND  ENTC Angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND through cardiac remodelling. Preliminary studies suggest that ENTC statins ENTCEND
0	ENTC aspirin ENTCEND  in the prevention af embolic events. Idraparinux, a Factor Xa inhibitor, is being evaluated in patients with ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND
0	ENTC vitamin K ENTCEND antagonist drugs in the prevention of embolic events, but has been recently withdrawn because of abnormal liver function tests. The ACTIVE-W ( ENTD Atrial Fibrillation ENTDEND
0	ENTD Atrial Fibrillation ENTDEND Clopidogrel Trial with ENTC Irbesartan ENTCEND
0	ENTC angiotensin II ENTCEND receptor-blocking drugs hold promise in ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND
0	ENTD Atrial Fibrillation ENTDEND ENTC Clopidogrel ENTCEND
0	ENTD Atrial Fibrillation ENTDEND Clopidogrel Trial with Irbesartan for Prevention of Vascular Events) study has demonstrated that ENTC warfarin ENTCEND
0	ENTC Idraparinux ENTCEND  a Factor Xa inhibitor, is being evaluated in patients with ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND
0	ENTC Ximelagatran ENTCEND  an oral direct thrombin inhibitor, was found to be as efficient as vitamin K antagonist drugs in the prevention of embolic events, but has been recently withdrawn because of abnormal liver function tests. The ACTIVE-W ( ENTD Atrial Fibrillation ENTDEND
0	ENTC Angiotensin ENTCEND converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin II receptor-blocking drugs hold promise in atrial fibrillation through ENTD cardiac remodelling ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac remodelling ENTDEND  Preliminary studies suggest that ENTC statins ENTCEND
0	ENTC aspirin ENTCEND  in the prevention af embolic events. Idraparinux, a Factor Xa inhibitor, is being evaluated in patients with atrial fibrillation. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin II receptor-blocking drugs hold promise in atrial fibrillation through ENTD cardiac remodelling ENTDEND
0	ENTC vitamin K ENTCEND antagonist drugs in the prevention of embolic events, but has been recently withdrawn because of abnormal liver function tests. The ACTIVE-W (Atrial Fibrillation Clopidogrel Trial with Irbesartan for Prevention of Vascular Events) study has demonstrated that warfarin is superior to platelet therapy (clopidogrel plus aspirin) in the prevention af embolic events. Idraparinux, a Factor Xa inhibitor, is being evaluated in patients with atrial fibrillation. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin II receptor-blocking drugs hold promise in atrial fibrillation through ENTD cardiac remodelling ENTDEND
0	ENTC Irbesartan ENTCEND for Prevention of Vascular Events) study has demonstrated that warfarin is superior to platelet therapy (clopidogrel plus aspirin) in the prevention af embolic events. Idraparinux, a Factor Xa inhibitor, is being evaluated in patients with atrial fibrillation. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin II receptor-blocking drugs hold promise in atrial fibrillation through ENTD cardiac remodelling ENTDEND
0	ENTC angiotensin II ENTCEND receptor-blocking drugs hold promise in atrial fibrillation through ENTD cardiac remodelling ENTDEND
0	ENTC clopidogrel ENTCEND plus aspirin) in the prevention af embolic events. Idraparinux, a Factor Xa inhibitor, is being evaluated in patients with atrial fibrillation. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin II receptor-blocking drugs hold promise in atrial fibrillation through ENTD cardiac remodelling ENTDEND
0	ENTC warfarin ENTCEND is superior to platelet therapy (clopidogrel plus aspirin) in the prevention af embolic events. Idraparinux, a Factor Xa inhibitor, is being evaluated in patients with atrial fibrillation. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin II receptor-blocking drugs hold promise in atrial fibrillation through ENTD cardiac remodelling ENTDEND
0	ENTC Idraparinux ENTCEND  a Factor Xa inhibitor, is being evaluated in patients with atrial fibrillation. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin II receptor-blocking drugs hold promise in atrial fibrillation through ENTD cardiac remodelling ENTDEND
0	ENTC Ximelagatran ENTCEND  an oral direct thrombin inhibitor, was found to be as efficient as vitamin K antagonist drugs in the prevention of embolic events, but has been recently withdrawn because of abnormal liver function tests. The ACTIVE-W (Atrial Fibrillation Clopidogrel Trial with Irbesartan for Prevention of Vascular Events) study has demonstrated that warfarin is superior to platelet therapy (clopidogrel plus aspirin) in the prevention af embolic events. Idraparinux, a Factor Xa inhibitor, is being evaluated in patients with atrial fibrillation. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin II receptor-blocking drugs hold promise in atrial fibrillation through ENTD cardiac remodelling ENTDEND
0	ENTD strokes ENTDEND  with a relative risk reduction of 36%. Ximelagatran, an oral direct thrombin inhibitor, was found to be as efficient as vitamin K antagonist drugs in the prevention of embolic events, but has been recently withdrawn because of abnormal liver function tests. The ACTIVE-W (Atrial Fibrillation Clopidogrel Trial with Irbesartan for Prevention of Vascular Events) study has demonstrated that warfarin is superior to platelet therapy (clopidogrel plus aspirin) in the prevention af embolic events. Idraparinux, a Factor Xa inhibitor, is being evaluated in patients with atrial fibrillation. ENTC Angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTD strokes ENTDEND  with a relative risk reduction of 36%. Ximelagatran, an oral direct thrombin inhibitor, was found to be as efficient as vitamin K antagonist drugs in the prevention of embolic events, but has been recently withdrawn because of abnormal liver function tests. The ACTIVE-W (Atrial Fibrillation Clopidogrel Trial with Irbesartan for Prevention of Vascular Events) study has demonstrated that warfarin is superior to platelet therapy (clopidogrel plus aspirin) in the prevention af embolic events. Idraparinux, a Factor Xa inhibitor, is being evaluated in patients with atrial fibrillation. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin II receptor-blocking drugs hold promise in atrial fibrillation through cardiac remodelling. Preliminary studies suggest that ENTC statins ENTCEND
0	ENTC aspirin ENTCEND in preventing ENTD strokes ENTDEND
0	ENTD strokes ENTDEND  with a relative risk reduction of 36%. Ximelagatran, an oral direct thrombin inhibitor, was found to be as efficient as ENTC vitamin K ENTCEND
0	ENTD strokes ENTDEND  with a relative risk reduction of 36%. Ximelagatran, an oral direct thrombin inhibitor, was found to be as efficient as vitamin K antagonist drugs in the prevention of embolic events, but has been recently withdrawn because of abnormal liver function tests. The ACTIVE-W (Atrial Fibrillation Clopidogrel Trial with ENTC Irbesartan ENTCEND
0	ENTD strokes ENTDEND  with a relative risk reduction of 36%. Ximelagatran, an oral direct thrombin inhibitor, was found to be as efficient as vitamin K antagonist drugs in the prevention of embolic events, but has been recently withdrawn because of abnormal liver function tests. The ACTIVE-W (Atrial Fibrillation Clopidogrel Trial with Irbesartan for Prevention of Vascular Events) study has demonstrated that warfarin is superior to platelet therapy (clopidogrel plus aspirin) in the prevention af embolic events. Idraparinux, a Factor Xa inhibitor, is being evaluated in patients with atrial fibrillation. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and ENTC angiotensin II ENTCEND
0	ENTD strokes ENTDEND  with a relative risk reduction of 36%. Ximelagatran, an oral direct thrombin inhibitor, was found to be as efficient as vitamin K antagonist drugs in the prevention of embolic events, but has been recently withdrawn because of abnormal liver function tests. The ACTIVE-W (Atrial Fibrillation ENTC Clopidogrel ENTCEND
0	ENTC warfarin ENTCEND reduces the risk of ENTD stroke ENTDEND
0	ENTD strokes ENTDEND  with a relative risk reduction of 36%. Ximelagatran, an oral direct thrombin inhibitor, was found to be as efficient as vitamin K antagonist drugs in the prevention of embolic events, but has been recently withdrawn because of abnormal liver function tests. The ACTIVE-W (Atrial Fibrillation Clopidogrel Trial with Irbesartan for Prevention of Vascular Events) study has demonstrated that warfarin is superior to platelet therapy (clopidogrel plus aspirin) in the prevention af embolic events. ENTC Idraparinux ENTCEND
0	ENTD strokes ENTDEND  with a relative risk reduction of 36%. ENTC Ximelagatran ENTCEND
0	ENTC streptozotocin ENTCEND induced ENTD renal damage ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND species (ROS). Nrf2 is the primary transcription factor that controls the antioxidant response essential for maintaining cellular redox homeostasis. Here, we report our findings demonstrating a protective role of Nrf2 against diabetic nephropathy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We explore the protective role of Nrf2 against diabetic nephropathy using human kidney biopsy tissues from diabetic nephropathy patients, a streptozotocin-induced diabetic nephropathy model in Nrf2(-/-) mice, and cultured human mesangial cells. RESULTS: The glomeruli of human diabetic nephropathy patients were under oxidative stress and had elevated Nrf2 levels. In the animal study, Nrf2 was demonstrated to be crucial in ameliorating streptozotocin-induced ENTD renal damage ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal injury ENTDEND compared with Nrf2(+/+) mice. Mechanistic studies in both in vivo and in vitro systems showed that the Nrf2-mediated protection against diabetic nephropathy is, at least, partially through inhibition of transforming growth factor-beta1 (TGF-beta1) and reduction of extracellular matrix production. In human renal mesangial cells, high ENTC glucose ENTCEND
1	ENTC streptozotocin ENTCEND -induced ENTD diabetic nephropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD Diabetic nephropathy ENTDEND is one of the major causes of renal failure, which is accompanied by the production of reactive ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
0	ENTD diabetic nephropathy ENTDEND is, at least, partially through inhibition of transforming growth factor-beta1 (TGF-beta1) and reduction of extracellular matrix production. In human renal mesangial cells, high ENTC glucose ENTCEND
0	ENTC streptozotocin ENTCEND -induced diabetic nephropathy.OBJECTIVE: Diabetic nephropathy is one of the major causes of ENTD renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal failure ENTDEND  which is accompanied by the production of reactive ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
1	ENTD cerebral lesions ENTDEND  associated with ENTC tiazofurin ENTCEND
0	ENTC tamoxifen ENTCEND use and gynecologic ENTD tumors ENTDEND
0	ENTD tumors ENTDEND  CASE: A 52-year-old postmenopausal woman was treated with tamoxifen for stage II estrogen receptor-positive breast carcinoma. Her ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTD tumors ENTDEND  CASE: A 52-year-old postmenopausal woman was treated with tamoxifen for stage II estrogen receptor-positive breast carcinoma. Her aspartate transaminase and ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD tumors ENTDEND  CASE: A 52-year-old postmenopausal woman was treated with tamoxifen for stage II ENTC estrogen ENTCEND
0	ENTD granulosa cell tumors ENTDEND because of alterations in ENTC tamoxifen ENTCEND
0	ENTC aspartate ENTCEND transaminase and alanine transaminase levels increase markedly after 6 months of tamoxifen use. After an additional 17 months of elevated serum transaminases, the patient was found to have a stage Ic granulosa cell tumor of the ovary. CONCLUSION: Patients with tamoxifen-induced liver dysfunction may be at increased risk for ENTD granulosa cell tumors ENTDEND
0	ENTC alanine ENTCEND transaminase levels increase markedly after 6 months of tamoxifen use. After an additional 17 months of elevated serum transaminases, the patient was found to have a stage Ic granulosa cell tumor of the ovary. CONCLUSION: Patients with tamoxifen-induced liver dysfunction may be at increased risk for ENTD granulosa cell tumors ENTDEND
0	ENTC estrogen ENTCEND receptor-positive breast carcinoma. Her aspartate transaminase and alanine transaminase levels increase markedly after 6 months of tamoxifen use. After an additional 17 months of elevated serum transaminases, the patient was found to have a stage Ic granulosa cell tumor of the ovary. CONCLUSION: Patients with tamoxifen-induced liver dysfunction may be at increased risk for ENTD granulosa cell tumors ENTDEND
0	ENTC tamoxifen ENTCEND for stage II estrogen receptor-positive ENTD breast carcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD breast carcinoma ENTDEND  Her ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTD breast carcinoma ENTDEND  Her aspartate transaminase and ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTC estrogen ENTCEND receptor-positive ENTD breast carcinoma ENTDEND
1	ENTD Granulosa cell tumor of the ovary ENTDEND  associated with antecedent ENTC tamoxifen ENTCEND
0	ENTC aspartate ENTCEND transaminase and alanine transaminase levels increase markedly after 6 months of tamoxifen use. After an additional 17 months of elevated serum transaminases, the patient was found to have a stage Ic ENTD granulosa cell tumor of the ovary ENTDEND
0	ENTC alanine ENTCEND transaminase levels increase markedly after 6 months of tamoxifen use. After an additional 17 months of elevated serum transaminases, the patient was found to have a stage Ic ENTD granulosa cell tumor of the ovary ENTDEND
0	ENTC estrogen ENTCEND receptor-positive breast carcinoma. Her aspartate transaminase and alanine transaminase levels increase markedly after 6 months of tamoxifen use. After an additional 17 months of elevated serum transaminases, the patient was found to have a stage Ic ENTD granulosa cell tumor of the ovary ENTDEND
1	ENTC tamoxifen ENTCEND induced ENTD liver dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC aspartate ENTCEND transaminase and alanine transaminase levels increase markedly after 6 months of tamoxifen use. After an additional 17 months of elevated serum transaminases, the patient was found to have a stage Ic granulosa cell tumor of the ovary. CONCLUSION: Patients with tamoxifen-induced ENTD liver dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC alanine ENTCEND transaminase levels increase markedly after 6 months of tamoxifen use. After an additional 17 months of elevated serum transaminases, the patient was found to have a stage Ic granulosa cell tumor of the ovary. CONCLUSION: Patients with tamoxifen-induced ENTD liver dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC estrogen ENTCEND receptor-positive breast carcinoma. Her aspartate transaminase and alanine transaminase levels increase markedly after 6 months of tamoxifen use. After an additional 17 months of elevated serum transaminases, the patient was found to have a stage Ic granulosa cell tumor of the ovary. CONCLUSION: Patients with tamoxifen-induced ENTD liver dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC FANFT ENTCEND ENTD carcinogenesis ENTDEND
0	ENTD carcinogenesis ENTDEND in the bladder and forestomach, and that ENTC aspirin ENTCEND
1	ENTC FANFT ENTCEND induced ENTD bladder carcinomas ENTDEND
0	ENTC aspirin ENTCEND with N-[4-(5-nitro-2-furyl)-2-thiazolyl]-formamide (FANFT) to rats resulted in a reduced incidence of FANFT-induced ENTD bladder carcinomas ENTDEND
1	ENTC FANFT ENTCEND induced bladder carcinomas but a concomitant induction of ENTD forestomach tumors ENTDEND
0	ENTD forestomach tumors ENTDEND  An autoradiographic study was performed on male F-344 rats fed diet containing FANFT at a level of 0.2% and/or ENTC aspirin ENTCEND
1	ENTD memory impairment ENTDEND  caused by ENTC nitroglycerin ENTCEND
0	ENTC Nimodipine ENTCEND  prevents ENTD memory impairment ENTDEND
0	ENTD cognitive dysfunction ENTDEND  We tested the hypothesis that nimodipine (NIMO) administered at the onset of ENTC nitroglycerin ENTCEND
0	ENTD cognitive dysfunction ENTDEND  We tested the hypothesis that ENTC nimodipine ENTCEND
1	ENTC NTG ENTCEND -induced ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND had no effect. ENTC NIMO ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND homeostasis during ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC Vasopressin ENTCEND  in the treatment of milrinone-induced hypotension in severe ENTD heart failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC milrinone ENTCEND in the treatment of severe ENTD heart failure ENTDEND
1	ENTC Vasopressin ENTCEND  in the treatment of milrinone-induced ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
1	ENTC milrinone ENTCEND -induced ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC folic acid ENTCEND both in healthy and 60 epileptic women, all without any ENTD autoimmune disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND and a folic acid (1 mg)-containing multivitamin from the 20th week of gestation. She developed status epilepticus and later symptoms of systemic lupus erythematodes. Her pregnancy ended with stillbirth. CONCLUSIONS: The epileptic pregnant patient's ENTD autoimmune disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC folic acid ENTCEND containing multivitamin supplementation in epileptic women before and during pregnancy in order to determine the rate of structural ENTD birth defects ENTDEND
0	ENTD birth defects ENTDEND and epilepsy-related side effects. STUDY DESIGN: First a randomised trial, later periconception care including in total 12225 females. RESULTS: Of 60 epileptic women with periconceptional folic acid (0.8 mg)-containing multivitamin supplementation, no one developed epilepsy-related side effects during the periconception period. One epileptic woman delivered a newborn with cleft lip and palate. Another patient exhibited with a cluster of seizures after the periconception period using another multivitamin. This 22-year-old epileptic woman was treated continuously by ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND
1	ENTD SLE ENTDEND  ENTC folic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND and a folic acid (1 mg)-containing multivitamin from the 20th week of gestation. She developed status epilepticus and later symptoms of ENTD systemic lupus erythematodes ENTDEND
0	ENTC folic acid ENTCEND (0.8 mg)-containing multivitamin supplementation, no one developed epilepsy-related side effects during the periconception period. One epileptic woman delivered a newborn with ENTD cleft lip and palate ENTDEND
0	ENTD cleft lip and palate ENTDEND  Another patient exhibited with a cluster of seizures after the periconception period using another multivitamin. This 22-year-old epileptic woman was treated continuously by ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND
0	ENTC folic acid ENTCEND (0.8 mg)-containing multivitamin supplementation, no one developed epilepsy-related side effects during the periconception period. One epileptic woman delivered a newborn with ENTD cleft lip and palate ENTDEND
0	ENTD cleft lip and palate ENTDEND  Another patient exhibited with a cluster of seizures after the periconception period using another multivitamin. This 22-year-old epileptic woman was treated continuously by ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND
0	ENTC folic acid ENTCEND (1 mg)-containing multivitamin from the 20th week of gestation. She developed ENTD status epilepticus ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND and a folic acid (1 mg)-containing multivitamin from the 20th week of gestation. She developed ENTD status epilepticus ENTDEND
1	ENTC folic acid ENTCEND triggered a cluster of ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND after the periconception period using another multivitamin. This 22-year-old epileptic woman was treated continuously by ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND
0	ENTC folic acid ENTCEND  and ENTD epilepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD epileptic ENTDEND woman was treated continuously by ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND
0	ENTC folic acid ENTCEND (1 mg)-containing multivitamin from the 20th week of gestation. She developed status epilepticus and later symptoms of systemic lupus erythematodes. Her pregnancy ended with ENTD stillbirth ENTDEND
0	ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND and a folic acid (1 mg)-containing multivitamin from the 20th week of gestation. She developed status epilepticus and later symptoms of systemic lupus erythematodes. Her pregnancy ended with ENTD stillbirth ENTDEND
0	ENTC Caffeine ENTCEND -induced ENTD cardiac arrhythmia ENTDEND
1	ENTD ventricular fibrillation ENTDEND after consuming a "natural energy" guarana health drink containing a high concentration of ENTC caffeine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Caffeine ENTCEND -induced cardiac arrhythmia: an unrecognised danger of healthfood products.We describe a 25-year-old woman with pre-existing ENTD mitral valve prolapse ENTDEND
0	ENTC 8-OH-DPAT ENTCEND  induced a significant disruption of PPI in all groups. Amphetamine-induced ENTD locomotor hyperactivity ENTDEND
1	ENTC Amphetamine ENTCEND induced ENTD locomotor hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND 1A receptor agonist, 8-OH-DPAT, induced a significant disruption of PPI in all groups. Amphetamine-induced ENTD locomotor hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTD locomotor hyperactivity ENTDEND was similar in all groups. These results show an inhibitory interaction of early stress, caused by maternal deprivation, combined with 'adolescent' stress, simulated by ENTC corticosterone ENTCEND
0	ENTD locomotor hyperactivity ENTDEND was similar in all groups. These results show an inhibitory interaction of early stress, caused by maternal deprivation, combined with 'adolescent' stress, simulated by corticosterone treatment, on dopaminergic regulation of PPI. The altered effects of apomorphine and amphetamine could indicate differential changes in ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD locomotor hyperactivity ENTDEND was similar in all groups. These results show an inhibitory interaction of early stress, caused by maternal deprivation, combined with 'adolescent' stress, simulated by corticosterone treatment, on dopaminergic regulation of PPI. The altered effects of ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND
0	ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND may include an early neurodevelopmental stress component which increases vulnerability to later stressful life events, in combination leading to overt disease. We investigated the effect of an early stress, in the form of maternal deprivation, combined with a later stress, simulated by chronic periadolescent corticosterone treatment, on behaviour in rats. Acute treatment with apomorphine caused disruption of prepulse inhibition (PPI) in controls and in rats that had undergone either maternal deprivation or corticosterone treatment, but was surprisingly absent in rats that had undergone the combined early and late stress. Amphetamine treatment significantly disrupted PPI in both non-deprived groups, but was absent in both maternally deprived groups. The serotonin-1A receptor agonist, ENTC 8-OH-DPAT ENTCEND
0	ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND may include an early neurodevelopmental stress component which increases vulnerability to later stressful life events, in combination leading to overt disease. We investigated the effect of an early stress, in the form of maternal deprivation, combined with a later stress, simulated by chronic periadolescent corticosterone treatment, on behaviour in rats. Acute treatment with apomorphine caused disruption of prepulse inhibition (PPI) in controls and in rats that had undergone either maternal deprivation or corticosterone treatment, but was surprisingly absent in rats that had undergone the combined early and late stress. ENTC Amphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND may include an early neurodevelopmental stress component which increases vulnerability to later stressful life events, in combination leading to overt disease. We investigated the effect of an early stress, in the form of maternal deprivation, combined with a later stress, simulated by chronic periadolescent corticosterone treatment, on behaviour in rats. Acute treatment with apomorphine caused disruption of prepulse inhibition (PPI) in controls and in rats that had undergone either maternal deprivation or corticosterone treatment, but was surprisingly absent in rats that had undergone the combined early and late stress. Amphetamine treatment significantly disrupted PPI in both non-deprived groups, but was absent in both maternally deprived groups. The ENTC serotonin ENTCEND
0	ENTC corticosterone ENTCEND  treatment in rats.The development of ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND may include an early neurodevelopmental stress component which increases vulnerability to later stressful life events, in combination leading to overt disease. We investigated the effect of an early stress, in the form of maternal deprivation, combined with a later stress, simulated by chronic periadolescent corticosterone treatment, on behaviour in rats. Acute treatment with ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND
0	ENTC isosorbide dinitrate ENTCEND 5 mg sublingually. After detailing the course of events, we discuss the role of paradoxical coronary spasm and hypotension-mediated myocardial ischemia occurring downstream to significant coronary arterial stenosis in the pathophysiology of ENTD acute coronary insufficiency ENTDEND
0	ENTC isosorbide dinitrate ENTCEND 5 mg sublingually. After detailing the course of events, we discuss the role of paradoxical coronary spasm and hypotension-mediated myocardial ischemia occurring downstream to significant ENTD coronary arterial stenosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC isosorbide dinitrate ENTCEND 5 mg sublingually. After detailing the course of events, we discuss the role of paradoxical coronary spasm and ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC isosorbide dinitrate ENTCEND 5 mg sublingually. After detailing the course of events, we discuss the role of paradoxical coronary spasm and hypotension-mediated ENTD myocardial ischemia ENTDEND
1	ENTD Myocardial infarction ENTDEND  following sublingual administration of ENTC isosorbide dinitrate ENTCEND
0	ENTC isosorbide dinitrate ENTCEND .A 78-year-old with healed septal ENTD necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC isosorbide dinitrate ENTCEND 5 mg sublingually. After detailing the course of events, we discuss the role of paradoxical coronary ENTD spasm ENTDEND
0	ENTC penicillin ENTCEND -induced ENTD epileptiform activity ENTDEND
0	ENTC urethane ENTCEND and connected to an electrocorticogram setup. After a short period of basal activity recording, ENTD epileptic ENTDEND
1	ENTD epileptic ENTDEND focus was induced by injecting 400IU/2 microl ENTC penicillin-G potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTC penicillamine ENTCEND -induced glomerular disease.Four patients with ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND
0	ENTC D-penicillamine ENTCEND  Light microscopy of renal biopsy samples showed minimal glomerular capillary wall thickening and mesangial matrix increase, or no departure from normal. Electron microscopy, however, revealed subepithelial electron-dense deposits, fusion of epithelial cell foot processes, and evidence of mesangial cell hyperactivity. Immunofluorescence microscopy demonstrated granular capillary wall deposits of IgG and C3. The findings were similar to those in early ENTD membranous glomerulonephritis ENTDEND
1	ENTC penicillamine ENTCEND -induced ENTD glomerular disease ENTDEND
1	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND after five to 12 months of treatment with ENTC D-penicillamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD choreoathetoid movements ENTDEND both transiently induced by rapid adjustment to the selective mu-opioid receptor agonist methadone in an inpatient previously abusing ENTC heroine ENTCEND
1	ENTC methadone ENTCEND . ENTD Choreatiform hyperkinesias ENTDEND
1	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND but not opiates. This is a case report of euphoria and ENTD choreoathetoid movements ENTDEND
0	ENTD Choreatiform hyperkinesias ENTDEND are known to be occasional movement abnormalities during intoxications with cocaine but not opiates. This is a case report of euphoria and choreoathetoid movements both transiently induced by rapid adjustment to the selective mu-opioid receptor agonist methadone in an inpatient previously abusing ENTC heroine ENTCEND
0	ENTC methadone ENTCEND . ENTD Choreatiform hyperkinesias ENTDEND
1	ENTD Choreatiform hyperkinesias ENTDEND are known to be occasional movement abnormalities during intoxications with ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD movement abnormalities ENTDEND during intoxications with cocaine but not opiates. This is a case report of euphoria and choreoathetoid movements both transiently induced by rapid adjustment to the selective mu-opioid receptor agonist methadone in an inpatient previously abusing ENTC heroine ENTCEND
0	ENTC methadone ENTCEND .Choreatiform hyperkinesias are known to be occasional ENTD movement abnormalities ENTDEND
0	ENTD movement abnormalities ENTDEND during intoxications with ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC DOX ENTCEND indicates cell damage determined by the magnitude of injury induced and that cTnT should be a useful marker for the prediction of experimentally induced ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD fibrosis ENTDEND  A significant rise in cTnT was found in ENTC DOX ENTCEND
0	ENTC DOX ENTCEND rats died prematurely of general ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD ischemic injury ENTDEND after ENTC DOX ENTCEND
1	ENTD myocardial damage ENTDEND  in ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC DOX ENTCEND -induced cardiomyopathy, and we examined the relationship between serial cTnI and cTnT with the development of ENTD cardiac disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTC fluorouracil ENTCEND for metastatic ENTD colorectal cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTD ischemic ENTDEND chest pain, elevated cardiac enzymes with significant ST-segment abnormalities on her electrocardiogram. She underwent recent chemotherapy with ENTC fluorouracil ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5 flourouracil ENTCEND -induced apical ballooning syndrome: a case report.The apical ballooning syndrome (ABS) is a recently described stress-mediated acute cardiac syndrome characterized by transient wall-motion abnormalities involving the apex and midventricle with hyperkinesis of the basal left ventricular (LV) segments without obstructive epicardial coronary disease. ENTD Cardiotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD cancer ENTDEND  A 79-year-old woman presented with typical ischemic chest pain, elevated cardiac enzymes with significant ST-segment abnormalities on her electrocardiogram. She underwent recent chemotherapy with ENTC fluorouracil ENTCEND
0	ENTC catecholamines ENTCEND and stress related neuropeptides caused by ENTD cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTC 5 flourouracil ENTCEND -induced apical ballooning syndrome: a case report.The apical ballooning syndrome (ABS) is a recently described stress-mediated acute cardiac syndrome characterized by transient wall-motion abnormalities involving the apex and midventricle with ENTD hyperkinesis ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac complications ENTDEND in cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy include coronary vasospasm, endothelial damage and consequent thrombus formation. In our patient, both supraphysiologic levels of plasma ENTC catecholamines ENTCEND
0	ENTD thrombus ENTDEND formation. In our patient, both supraphysiologic levels of plasma ENTC catecholamines ENTCEND
1	ENTC 5 flourouracil ENTCEND -induced ENTD apical ballooning syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC catecholamines ENTCEND and stress related neuropeptides caused by cancer diagnosis as well as chemotherapy may have contributed the development of ENTD ABS ENTDEND
1	ENTD chest pain ENTDEND  elevated cardiac enzymes with significant ST-segment abnormalities on her electrocardiogram. She underwent recent chemotherapy with ENTC fluorouracil ENTCEND
0	ENTD coronary vasospasm ENTDEND  endothelial damage and consequent thrombus formation. In our patient, both supraphysiologic levels of plasma ENTC catecholamines ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5 flourouracil ENTCEND -induced apical ballooning syndrome: a case report.The apical ballooning syndrome (ABS) is a recently described stress-mediated acute cardiac syndrome characterized by transient wall-motion abnormalities involving the apex and midventricle with hyperkinesis of the basal left ventricular (LV) segments without obstructive ENTD epicardial coronary disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC 5 flourouracil ENTCEND -induced apical ballooning syndrome: a case report.The apical ballooning syndrome (ABS) is a recently described stress-mediated ENTD acute cardiac syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC fluorouracil ENTCEND for metastatic colorectal cancer. Echocardiography revealed a wall-motion abnormality involving the apical and periapical segments which appeared ENTD akinetic ENTDEND
0	ENTD akinesis ENTDEND  Pathogenetic mechanisms of cardiac complications in cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy include coronary vasospasm, endothelial damage and consequent thrombus formation. In our patient, both supraphysiologic levels of plasma ENTC catecholamines ENTCEND
0	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND and no augmentation of the norepinephrine release rate (up to 0.3 microgram/kg/min) were observed, which is in contrast to comparable hypotension induced by hydralazine or nitroglycerin. The release rate of ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND and no augmentation of the ENTC norepinephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND and no augmentation of the norepinephrine release rate (up to 0.3 microgram/kg/min) were observed, which is in contrast to comparable hypotension induced by ENTC hydralazine ENTCEND
0	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND and no augmentation of the norepinephrine release rate (up to 0.3 microgram/kg/min) were observed, which is in contrast to comparable hypotension induced by hydralazine or ENTC nitroglycerin ENTCEND
0	ENTC sodium ENTCEND intake of 2 to 4 mEq/kg/day, sympathetic activity was assessed as the release rate of norepinephrine and epinephrine during 15-minute i.v. infusions of human alpha-atrial natriuretic factor. Mean arterial pressure (as a percentage of control +/- SEM) during randomized infusions of 0.03, 0.1, 0.3, or 1.0 microgram/kg/min was 99 +/- 1, 95 +/- 1 (p less than 0.05), 93 +/- 1 (p less than 0.01), or 79 +/- 6% (p less than 0.001), respectively, but no ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND induced by hydralazine or nitroglycerin. The release rate of ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTC norepinephrine ENTCEND release rate (up to 0.3 microgram/kg/min) were observed, which is in contrast to comparable ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
1	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND induced by ENTC hydralazine ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND induced by hydralazine or ENTC nitroglycerin ENTCEND
0	ENTC sodium ENTCEND intake of 2 to 4 mEq/kg/day, sympathetic activity was assessed as the release rate of norepinephrine and epinephrine during 15-minute i.v. infusions of human alpha-atrial natriuretic factor. Mean arterial pressure (as a percentage of control +/- SEM) during randomized infusions of 0.03, 0.1, 0.3, or 1.0 microgram/kg/min was 99 +/- 1, 95 +/- 1 (p less than 0.05), 93 +/- 1 (p less than 0.01), or 79 +/- 6% (p less than 0.001), respectively, but no tachycardia and no augmentation of the norepinephrine release rate (up to 0.3 microgram/kg/min) were observed, which is in contrast to comparable ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
1	ENTC Heparin ENTCEND -induced ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND
1	ENTD thromboembolic ENTDEND events in patients receiving ENTC heparin ENTCEND
1	ENTD hemorrhage ENTDEND .Sixty-two patients with a ENTC heparin ENTCEND
0	ENTC heparin ENTCEND  ENTD platelet aggregation ENTDEND
0	ENTC Heparin ENTCEND -induced thrombocytopenia, ENTD thrombosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC warfarin ENTCEND induced peripheral neuropathy; it is characterized by severe ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC warfarin ENTCEND induced ENTD peripheral neuropathy ENTDEND
1	ENTC warfarin ENTCEND therapy who sustained a minor muscle tear and developed increasing pain and a flexure contracture of the right hip. Surgical exploration revealed an iliopsoas ENTD hematoma ENTDEND
1	ENTD nerve entrapment ENTDEND  resulting in a femoral nerve palsy and partial loss of quadriceps functions. Anticoagulant-induced femoral nerve palsy represents the most common form of ENTC warfarin ENTCEND
0	ENTC warfarin ENTCEND induced peripheral neuropathy; it is characterized by severe pain in the inguinal region, varying degrees of ENTD motor and sensory impairment ENTDEND
0	ENTC warfarin ENTCEND therapy who sustained a minor muscle tear and developed increasing pain and a flexure ENTD contracture ENTDEND
1	ENTD femoral nerve palsy ENTDEND represents the most common form of ENTC warfarin ENTCEND
1	ENTC warfarin ENTCEND therapy who sustained a minor ENTD muscle tear ENTDEND
0	ENTC Warfarin ENTCEND -induced iliopsoas ENTD hemorrhage ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypothyroidism ENTDEND during lithium treatment. We measured serum ENTC thyroxine ENTCEND
1	ENTC lithium ENTCEND  ENTD Hypothyroidism ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrogenic diabetes insipidus ENTDEND and hypothyroidism during lithium treatment. We measured serum ENTC thyroxine ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrogenic diabetes insipidus ENTDEND and hypothyroidism during ENTC lithium ENTCEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND  kindled-seizures in mice.Neuroactive steroids demonstrate pharmacological actions that have relevance for a host of ENTD neurological and psychiatric disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurological and psychiatric disorders ENTDEND  They offer protection against seizures in a range of models and seem to inhibit certain stages of drug dependence in preclinical assessments. The present study was designed to evaluate two endogenous and one synthetic neuroactive steroid that positively modulate the ENTC gamma-aminobutyric acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC steroids ENTCEND demonstrate pharmacological actions that have relevance for a host of ENTD neurological and psychiatric disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurological and psychiatric disorders ENTDEND  They offer protection against seizures in a range of models and seem to inhibit certain stages of drug dependence in preclinical assessments. The present study was designed to evaluate two endogenous and one synthetic neuroactive steroid that positively modulate the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA(A)) receptor against the increase in sensitivity to the convulsant effects of cocaine engendered by repeated cocaine administration (seizure kindling). Allopregnanolone (3alpha-hydroxy-5alpha-pregnan-20-one), pregnanolone (3alpha-hydroxy-5beta-pregnan-20-one) and ENTC ganaxolone ENTCEND
0	ENTD neurological and psychiatric disorders ENTDEND  They offer protection against seizures in a range of models and seem to inhibit certain stages of drug dependence in preclinical assessments. The present study was designed to evaluate two endogenous and one synthetic neuroactive steroid that positively modulate the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA(A)) receptor against the increase in sensitivity to the convulsant effects of cocaine engendered by repeated cocaine administration (seizure kindling). ENTC Allopregnanolone ENTCEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND  kindled-seizures in mice.Neuroactive steroids demonstrate pharmacological actions that have relevance for a host of neurological and psychiatric disorders. They offer protection against seizures in a range of models and seem to inhibit certain stages of ENTD drug dependence ENTDEND
0	ENTD drug dependence ENTDEND in preclinical assessments. The present study was designed to evaluate two endogenous and one synthetic neuroactive steroid that positively modulate the ENTC gamma-aminobutyric acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD drug dependence ENTDEND in preclinical assessments. The present study was designed to evaluate two endogenous and one synthetic neuroactive ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTD drug dependence ENTDEND in preclinical assessments. The present study was designed to evaluate two endogenous and one synthetic neuroactive steroid that positively modulate the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA(A)) receptor against the increase in sensitivity to the convulsant effects of cocaine engendered by repeated cocaine administration (seizure kindling). Allopregnanolone (3alpha-hydroxy-5alpha-pregnan-20-one), pregnanolone (3alpha-hydroxy-5beta-pregnan-20-one) and ENTC ganaxolone ENTCEND
0	ENTD drug dependence ENTDEND in preclinical assessments. The present study was designed to evaluate two endogenous and one synthetic neuroactive steroid that positively modulate the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA(A)) receptor against the increase in sensitivity to the convulsant effects of cocaine engendered by repeated cocaine administration (seizure kindling). ENTC Allopregnanolone ENTCEND
1	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND  kindled ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC GABA ENTCEND A) modulators suppressed the expression of kindled ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND  in mice.Neuroactive ENTC steroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND  whereas only allopregnanolone and ENTC ganaxolone ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND kindling). ENTC Allopregnanolone ENTCEND
0	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND  kindled-seizures in mice.Neuroactive steroids demonstrate pharmacological actions that have relevance for a host of ENTD neurological and psychiatric disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurological and psychiatric disorders ENTDEND  They offer protection against seizures in a range of models and seem to inhibit certain stages of drug dependence in preclinical assessments. The present study was designed to evaluate two endogenous and one synthetic neuroactive steroid that positively modulate the ENTC gamma-aminobutyric acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC steroids ENTCEND demonstrate pharmacological actions that have relevance for a host of ENTD neurological and psychiatric disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurological and psychiatric disorders ENTDEND  They offer protection against seizures in a range of models and seem to inhibit certain stages of drug dependence in preclinical assessments. The present study was designed to evaluate two endogenous and one synthetic neuroactive steroid that positively modulate the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA(A)) receptor against the increase in sensitivity to the convulsant effects of cocaine engendered by repeated cocaine administration (seizure kindling). Allopregnanolone (3alpha-hydroxy-5alpha-pregnan-20-one), pregnanolone (3alpha-hydroxy-5beta-pregnan-20-one) and ENTC ganaxolone ENTCEND
0	ENTD neurological and psychiatric disorders ENTDEND  They offer protection against seizures in a range of models and seem to inhibit certain stages of drug dependence in preclinical assessments. The present study was designed to evaluate two endogenous and one synthetic neuroactive steroid that positively modulate the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA(A)) receptor against the increase in sensitivity to the convulsant effects of cocaine engendered by repeated cocaine administration (seizure kindling). ENTC Allopregnanolone ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  The results also show valsartan to be well tolerated and suggest that it is not associated with side effects characteristic of this comparator class, ENTC dihydropyridine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  The results also show ENTC valsartan ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  The results also show valsartan to be well tolerated and suggest that it is not associated with side effects characteristic of this comparator class, dihydropyridine ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC amlodipine ENTCEND in the treatment of mild to moderate ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTC angiotensin II ENTCEND  antagonist for the treatment of essential ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD edema ENTDEND was somewhat higher in the amlodipine group, particularly at a dose of 10 mg per day (2.4% for 80 mg valsartan; 3.6% for 5 mg amlodipine; 0% for valsartan plus 5 mg amlodipine; 14.3% for 10 mg amlodipine). CONCLUSIONS: The data show that valsartan is at least as effective as amlodipine in the treatment of mild to moderate hypertension. The results also show valsartan to be well tolerated and suggest that it is not associated with side effects characteristic of this comparator class, ENTC dihydropyridine ENTCEND
1	ENTD edema ENTDEND was somewhat higher in the amlodipine group, particularly at a dose of 10 mg per day (2.4% for 80 mg ENTC valsartan ENTCEND
0	ENTD edema ENTDEND was somewhat higher in the amlodipine group, particularly at a dose of 10 mg per day (2.4% for 80 mg valsartan; 3.6% for 5 mg amlodipine; 0% for valsartan plus 5 mg amlodipine; 14.3% for 10 mg amlodipine). CONCLUSIONS: The data show that valsartan is at least as effective as amlodipine in the treatment of mild to moderate hypertension. The results also show valsartan to be well tolerated and suggest that it is not associated with side effects characteristic of this comparator class, dihydropyridine ENTC calcium ENTCEND
1	ENTD edema ENTDEND was somewhat higher in the ENTC amlodipine ENTCEND
1	ENTC warfarin ENTCEND related bleeding at Brigham and Women's Hospital increased from 0.97/1,000 patient admissions in the first time period (January 1995 to October 1998) to 1.19/1,000 patient admissions in the second time period (November 1998 to August 2002) of this study. The proportion of patients with major and ENTD intracranial bleeding ENTDEND
1	ENTC warfarin ENTCEND related ENTD bleeding ENTDEND
0	ENTC PB ENTCEND related asymptomatic ENTD chronic hepatic enzyme dysfunction ENTDEND
1	ENTD cholangitis ENTDEND  related to long-term ENTC phenobarbital ENTCEND
0	ENTC PB ENTCEND who died suddenly: one as consequence of cardiac arrest, the other of acute ENTD bronchopneumonia ENTDEND
0	ENTD necrosis ENTDEND surrounded by a hard ring of non-specific granulomatous tissue. Inflammatory reactions of internal and external hepatic biliary ducts were also seen. Our findings illustrate that ENTC PB ENTCEND
1	ENTC PB ENTCEND may be associated with chronic ENTD liver damage ENTDEND
0	ENTD epilepsy ENTDEND treated with ENTC PB ENTCEND
0	ENTC PB ENTCEND who died suddenly: one as consequence of ENTD cardiac arrest ENTDEND
0	ENTD upper respiratory tract infection ENTDEND 7 days prior. Admission laboratory tests were as follows: alanine aminotransferase, 67 U/L (reference range, 10-37 U/L); ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTD upper respiratory tract infection ENTDEND 7 days prior. Admission laboratory tests were as follows: alanine aminotransferase, 67 U/L (reference range, 10-37 U/L); aspartate aminotransferase, 98 U/L (10-40 U/L); alkaline phosphatase, 513 U/L (0-270 U/L); gamma-glutamyltransferase, 32 U/L (7-49 U/L); amylase, 46 U/L (0-220 U/L); total ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTC telithromycin ENTCEND 400 mg/d PO to treat an ENTD upper respiratory tract infection ENTDEND
0	ENTD upper respiratory tract infection ENTDEND 7 days prior. Admission laboratory tests were as follows: ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD upper respiratory tract infection ENTDEND 7 days prior. Admission laboratory tests were as follows: alanine aminotransferase, 67 U/L (reference range, 10-37 U/L); aspartate aminotransferase, 98 U/L (10-40 U/L); alkaline phosphatase, 513 U/L (0-270 U/L); gamma-glutamyltransferase, 32 U/L (7-49 U/L); amylase, 46 U/L (0-220 U/L); total bilirubin, 20.1 mg/dL (0.2-1.0 mg/dL); direct bilirubin, 14.8 mg/dL (0-0.3 mg/dL); and albumin, 4.7 mg/dL (3.5-5.4 mg/dL). No toxin, ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTD vomiting ENTDEND  He had been prescribed telithromycin 400 mg/d PO to treat an upper respiratory tract infection 7 days prior. Admission laboratory tests were as follows: alanine aminotransferase, 67 U/L (reference range, 10-37 U/L); ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTD vomiting ENTDEND  He had been prescribed telithromycin 400 mg/d PO to treat an upper respiratory tract infection 7 days prior. Admission laboratory tests were as follows: alanine aminotransferase, 67 U/L (reference range, 10-37 U/L); aspartate aminotransferase, 98 U/L (10-40 U/L); alkaline phosphatase, 513 U/L (0-270 U/L); gamma-glutamyltransferase, 32 U/L (7-49 U/L); amylase, 46 U/L (0-220 U/L); total ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTD vomiting ENTDEND  He had been prescribed ENTC telithromycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD vomiting ENTDEND  He had been prescribed telithromycin 400 mg/d PO to treat an upper respiratory tract infection 7 days prior. Admission laboratory tests were as follows: ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD vomiting ENTDEND  He had been prescribed telithromycin 400 mg/d PO to treat an upper respiratory tract infection 7 days prior. Admission laboratory tests were as follows: alanine aminotransferase, 67 U/L (reference range, 10-37 U/L); aspartate aminotransferase, 98 U/L (10-40 U/L); alkaline phosphatase, 513 U/L (0-270 U/L); gamma-glutamyltransferase, 32 U/L (7-49 U/L); amylase, 46 U/L (0-220 U/L); total bilirubin, 20.1 mg/dL (0.2-1.0 mg/dL); direct bilirubin, 14.8 mg/dL (0-0.3 mg/dL); and albumin, 4.7 mg/dL (3.5-5.4 mg/dL). No toxin, ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTD adverse drug reactions ENTDEND  idiosyncratic reactions are the most serious. CASE SUMMARY: A 25-year-old male patient, with a height of 175 cm and weight of 72 kg presented to Marmara University Hospital Emergency Department, Istanbul, Turkey, with 5 days' history of jaundice, malaise, nausea, and vomiting. He had been prescribed telithromycin 400 mg/d PO to treat an upper respiratory tract infection 7 days prior. Admission laboratory tests were as follows: alanine aminotransferase, 67 U/L (reference range, 10-37 U/L); ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTD adverse drug reaction ENTDEND probability scale, ENTC telithromycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD adverse drug reactions ENTDEND  idiosyncratic reactions are the most serious. CASE SUMMARY: A 25-year-old male patient, with a height of 175 cm and weight of 72 kg presented to Marmara University Hospital Emergency Department, Istanbul, Turkey, with 5 days' history of jaundice, malaise, nausea, and vomiting. He had been prescribed telithromycin 400 mg/d PO to treat an upper respiratory tract infection 7 days prior. Admission laboratory tests were as follows: ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND  or other drugs were reported. The patient had suffered a previous episode of "acute hepatitis of unknown origin," that occurred after telithromycin usage. Both incidents occurred within a year. DISCUSSION: Telithromycin is the first of the ketolide antibacterials to receive US Food and Drug Administration approval for clinical use. It has been associated with infrequent and usually reversible severe hepatic dysfunction. Based on a score of 8 on the Naranjo ENTD adverse drug reaction ENTDEND
0	ENTD nausea ENTDEND  and vomiting. He had been prescribed telithromycin 400 mg/d PO to treat an upper respiratory tract infection 7 days prior. Admission laboratory tests were as follows: alanine aminotransferase, 67 U/L (reference range, 10-37 U/L); ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTD nausea ENTDEND  and vomiting. He had been prescribed telithromycin 400 mg/d PO to treat an upper respiratory tract infection 7 days prior. Admission laboratory tests were as follows: alanine aminotransferase, 67 U/L (reference range, 10-37 U/L); aspartate aminotransferase, 98 U/L (10-40 U/L); alkaline phosphatase, 513 U/L (0-270 U/L); gamma-glutamyltransferase, 32 U/L (7-49 U/L); amylase, 46 U/L (0-220 U/L); total ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTD nausea ENTDEND  and vomiting. He had been prescribed ENTC telithromycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD nausea ENTDEND  and vomiting. He had been prescribed telithromycin 400 mg/d PO to treat an upper respiratory tract infection 7 days prior. Admission laboratory tests were as follows: ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD nausea ENTDEND  and vomiting. He had been prescribed telithromycin 400 mg/d PO to treat an upper respiratory tract infection 7 days prior. Admission laboratory tests were as follows: alanine aminotransferase, 67 U/L (reference range, 10-37 U/L); aspartate aminotransferase, 98 U/L (10-40 U/L); alkaline phosphatase, 513 U/L (0-270 U/L); gamma-glutamyltransferase, 32 U/L (7-49 U/L); amylase, 46 U/L (0-220 U/L); total bilirubin, 20.1 mg/dL (0.2-1.0 mg/dL); direct bilirubin, 14.8 mg/dL (0-0.3 mg/dL); and albumin, 4.7 mg/dL (3.5-5.4 mg/dL). No toxin, ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTC aspartate ENTCEND aminotransferase, 98 U/L (10-40 U/L); alkaline phosphatase, 513 U/L (0-270 U/L); gamma-glutamyltransferase, 32 U/L (7-49 U/L); amylase, 46 U/L (0-220 U/L); total bilirubin, 20.1 mg/dL (0.2-1.0 mg/dL); direct bilirubin, 14.8 mg/dL (0-0.3 mg/dL); and albumin, 4.7 mg/dL (3.5-5.4 mg/dL). No toxin, alcohol, or other drugs were reported. The patient had suffered a previous episode of "acute hepatitis of unknown origin," that occurred after telithromycin usage. Both incidents occurred within a year. DISCUSSION: Telithromycin is the first of the ketolide antibacterials to receive US Food and Drug Administration approval for clinical use. It has been associated with infrequent and usually reversible severe ENTD hepatic dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND  14.8 mg/dL (0-0.3 mg/dL); and albumin, 4.7 mg/dL (3.5-5.4 mg/dL). No toxin, alcohol, or other drugs were reported. The patient had suffered a previous episode of "acute hepatitis of unknown origin," that occurred after telithromycin usage. Both incidents occurred within a year. DISCUSSION: Telithromycin is the first of the ketolide antibacterials to receive US Food and Drug Administration approval for clinical use. It has been associated with infrequent and usually reversible severe ENTD hepatic dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTD hepatic dysfunction ENTDEND  Based on a score of 8 on the Naranjo adverse drug reaction probability scale, ENTC telithromycin ENTCEND
0	ENTC alanine ENTCEND aminotransferase, 67 U/L (reference range, 10-37 U/L); aspartate aminotransferase, 98 U/L (10-40 U/L); alkaline phosphatase, 513 U/L (0-270 U/L); gamma-glutamyltransferase, 32 U/L (7-49 U/L); amylase, 46 U/L (0-220 U/L); total bilirubin, 20.1 mg/dL (0.2-1.0 mg/dL); direct bilirubin, 14.8 mg/dL (0-0.3 mg/dL); and albumin, 4.7 mg/dL (3.5-5.4 mg/dL). No toxin, alcohol, or other drugs were reported. The patient had suffered a previous episode of "acute hepatitis of unknown origin," that occurred after telithromycin usage. Both incidents occurred within a year. DISCUSSION: Telithromycin is the first of the ketolide antibacterials to receive US Food and Drug Administration approval for clinical use. It has been associated with infrequent and usually reversible severe ENTD hepatic dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND  or other drugs were reported. The patient had suffered a previous episode of "acute hepatitis of unknown origin," that occurred after telithromycin usage. Both incidents occurred within a year. DISCUSSION: Telithromycin is the first of the ketolide antibacterials to receive US Food and Drug Administration approval for clinical use. It has been associated with infrequent and usually reversible severe ENTD hepatic dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC aspartate ENTCEND aminotransferase, 98 U/L (10-40 U/L); alkaline phosphatase, 513 U/L (0-270 U/L); gamma-glutamyltransferase, 32 U/L (7-49 U/L); amylase, 46 U/L (0-220 U/L); total bilirubin, 20.1 mg/dL (0.2-1.0 mg/dL); direct bilirubin, 14.8 mg/dL (0-0.3 mg/dL); and albumin, 4.7 mg/dL (3.5-5.4 mg/dL). No toxin, alcohol, or other drugs were reported. The patient had suffered a previous episode of "acute ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND  14.8 mg/dL (0-0.3 mg/dL); and albumin, 4.7 mg/dL (3.5-5.4 mg/dL). No toxin, alcohol, or other drugs were reported. The patient had suffered a previous episode of "acute ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND
1	ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND  attack after exposure to ENTC telithromycin ENTCEND
0	ENTC alanine ENTCEND aminotransferase, 67 U/L (reference range, 10-37 U/L); aspartate aminotransferase, 98 U/L (10-40 U/L); alkaline phosphatase, 513 U/L (0-270 U/L); gamma-glutamyltransferase, 32 U/L (7-49 U/L); amylase, 46 U/L (0-220 U/L); total bilirubin, 20.1 mg/dL (0.2-1.0 mg/dL); direct bilirubin, 14.8 mg/dL (0-0.3 mg/dL); and albumin, 4.7 mg/dL (3.5-5.4 mg/dL). No toxin, alcohol, or other drugs were reported. The patient had suffered a previous episode of "acute ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND  or other drugs were reported. The patient had suffered a previous episode of "acute ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD jaundice ENTDEND  malaise, nausea, and vomiting. He had been prescribed telithromycin 400 mg/d PO to treat an upper respiratory tract infection 7 days prior. Admission laboratory tests were as follows: alanine aminotransferase, 67 U/L (reference range, 10-37 U/L); ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTD jaundice ENTDEND  malaise, nausea, and vomiting. He had been prescribed telithromycin 400 mg/d PO to treat an upper respiratory tract infection 7 days prior. Admission laboratory tests were as follows: alanine aminotransferase, 67 U/L (reference range, 10-37 U/L); aspartate aminotransferase, 98 U/L (10-40 U/L); alkaline phosphatase, 513 U/L (0-270 U/L); gamma-glutamyltransferase, 32 U/L (7-49 U/L); amylase, 46 U/L (0-220 U/L); total ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTD jaundice ENTDEND  malaise, nausea, and vomiting. He had been prescribed ENTC telithromycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD jaundice ENTDEND  malaise, nausea, and vomiting. He had been prescribed telithromycin 400 mg/d PO to treat an upper respiratory tract infection 7 days prior. Admission laboratory tests were as follows: ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD jaundice ENTDEND  malaise, nausea, and vomiting. He had been prescribed telithromycin 400 mg/d PO to treat an upper respiratory tract infection 7 days prior. Admission laboratory tests were as follows: alanine aminotransferase, 67 U/L (reference range, 10-37 U/L); aspartate aminotransferase, 98 U/L (10-40 U/L); alkaline phosphatase, 513 U/L (0-270 U/L); gamma-glutamyltransferase, 32 U/L (7-49 U/L); amylase, 46 U/L (0-220 U/L); total bilirubin, 20.1 mg/dL (0.2-1.0 mg/dL); direct bilirubin, 14.8 mg/dL (0-0.3 mg/dL); and albumin, 4.7 mg/dL (3.5-5.4 mg/dL). No toxin, ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTD chronic hepatitis C ENTDEND  patient during ENTC pegylated interferon alpha-2b ENTCEND
0	ENTD chronic hepatitis C ENTDEND patients with interferon and ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND
0	ENTC pegylated interferon alpha-2b ENTCEND  and ribavirin treatment.During treatment of chronic hepatitis C patients with interferon and ribavirin, a lot of side effects are described. Twenty-three percent to 44% of patients develop ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND  a lot of side effects are described. Twenty-three percent to 44% of patients develop ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTD psychosis ENTDEND  To the best of our knowledge, no cases of psychogenic parasitosis occurring during interferon therapy have been described in the literature. We present a 49-year-old woman who developed a delusional parasitosis during treatment with ENTC pegylated interferon alpha-2b ENTCEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND  a lot of side effects are described. Twenty-three percent to 44% of patients develop depression. A minority of patients evolve to ENTD psychosis ENTDEND
1	ENTD delusional parasitosis ENTDEND during treatment with ENTC pegylated interferon alpha-2b ENTCEND
1	ENTD delusional parasitosis ENTDEND during treatment with pegylated interferon alpha-2b weekly and ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND
0	ENTD ataxia ENTDEND  slurred speech and nystagmus to mood changes, perceptual alterations, inattention, disorientation and aggressive behavior (Rammer et al 1988; Katona and Watson 1986; Isbell and Fraser 1953; Devlin et al 1985; McCarthy 1971; Dodds and Revai 1967; Degkwitz 1964; Hildebrand et al 1989). There have also been two reported fatalities from ENTC DM ENTCEND
0	ENTC 3-hydroxy-N-methylmorphinan ENTCEND  is the main ingredient in a number of widely available, over-the-counter antitussives. Initial studies (Bornstein 1968) showed that it possessed no respiratory suppressant effects and no addiction liability. Subsequently, however, several articles reporting abuse of this drug have appeared in the literature. The drug is known to cause a variety of acute toxic effects, ranging from nausea, restlessness, insomnia, ENTD ataxia ENTDEND
1	ENTD Cognitive deterioration ENTDEND  from long-term abuse of ENTC dextromethorphan ENTCEND
0	ENTD Cognitive deterioration ENTDEND  from long-term abuse of dextromethorphan: a case report.Dextromethorphan (DM), the dextrorotatory isomer of ENTC 3-hydroxy-N-methylmorphinan ENTCEND
0	ENTD nystagmus ENTDEND to mood changes, perceptual alterations, inattention, disorientation and aggressive behavior (Rammer et al 1988; Katona and Watson 1986; Isbell and Fraser 1953; Devlin et al 1985; McCarthy 1971; Dodds and Revai 1967; Degkwitz 1964; Hildebrand et al 1989). There have also been two reported fatalities from ENTC DM ENTCEND
0	ENTC 3-hydroxy-N-methylmorphinan ENTCEND  is the main ingredient in a number of widely available, over-the-counter antitussives. Initial studies (Bornstein 1968) showed that it possessed no respiratory suppressant effects and no addiction liability. Subsequently, however, several articles reporting abuse of this drug have appeared in the literature. The drug is known to cause a variety of acute toxic effects, ranging from nausea, restlessness, insomnia, ataxia, slurred speech and ENTD nystagmus ENTDEND
0	ENTD aggressive behavior ENTDEND (Rammer et al 1988; Katona and Watson 1986; Isbell and Fraser 1953; Devlin et al 1985; McCarthy 1971; Dodds and Revai 1967; Degkwitz 1964; Hildebrand et al 1989). There have also been two reported fatalities from ENTC DM ENTCEND
0	ENTC 3-hydroxy-N-methylmorphinan ENTCEND  is the main ingredient in a number of widely available, over-the-counter antitussives. Initial studies (Bornstein 1968) showed that it possessed no respiratory suppressant effects and no addiction liability. Subsequently, however, several articles reporting abuse of this drug have appeared in the literature. The drug is known to cause a variety of acute toxic effects, ranging from nausea, restlessness, insomnia, ataxia, slurred speech and nystagmus to mood changes, perceptual alterations, inattention, disorientation and ENTD aggressive behavior ENTDEND
0	ENTD restlessness ENTDEND  insomnia, ataxia, slurred speech and nystagmus to mood changes, perceptual alterations, inattention, disorientation and aggressive behavior (Rammer et al 1988; Katona and Watson 1986; Isbell and Fraser 1953; Devlin et al 1985; McCarthy 1971; Dodds and Revai 1967; Degkwitz 1964; Hildebrand et al 1989). There have also been two reported fatalities from ENTC DM ENTCEND
0	ENTC 3-hydroxy-N-methylmorphinan ENTCEND  is the main ingredient in a number of widely available, over-the-counter antitussives. Initial studies (Bornstein 1968) showed that it possessed no respiratory suppressant effects and no addiction liability. Subsequently, however, several articles reporting abuse of this drug have appeared in the literature. The drug is known to cause a variety of acute toxic effects, ranging from nausea, ENTD restlessness ENTDEND
0	ENTD nausea ENTDEND  restlessness, insomnia, ataxia, slurred speech and nystagmus to mood changes, perceptual alterations, inattention, disorientation and aggressive behavior (Rammer et al 1988; Katona and Watson 1986; Isbell and Fraser 1953; Devlin et al 1985; McCarthy 1971; Dodds and Revai 1967; Degkwitz 1964; Hildebrand et al 1989). There have also been two reported fatalities from ENTC DM ENTCEND
0	ENTC 3-hydroxy-N-methylmorphinan ENTCEND  is the main ingredient in a number of widely available, over-the-counter antitussives. Initial studies (Bornstein 1968) showed that it possessed no respiratory suppressant effects and no addiction liability. Subsequently, however, several articles reporting abuse of this drug have appeared in the literature. The drug is known to cause a variety of acute toxic effects, ranging from ENTD nausea ENTDEND
0	ENTD insomnia ENTDEND  ataxia, slurred speech and nystagmus to mood changes, perceptual alterations, inattention, disorientation and aggressive behavior (Rammer et al 1988; Katona and Watson 1986; Isbell and Fraser 1953; Devlin et al 1985; McCarthy 1971; Dodds and Revai 1967; Degkwitz 1964; Hildebrand et al 1989). There have also been two reported fatalities from ENTC DM ENTCEND
0	ENTC 3-hydroxy-N-methylmorphinan ENTCEND  is the main ingredient in a number of widely available, over-the-counter antitussives. Initial studies (Bornstein 1968) showed that it possessed no respiratory suppressant effects and no addiction liability. Subsequently, however, several articles reporting abuse of this drug have appeared in the literature. The drug is known to cause a variety of acute toxic effects, ranging from nausea, restlessness, ENTD insomnia ENTDEND
0	ENTC bendrofluazide ENTCEND treatment, and Raynaud's phenomenon and dyspnoea in men and women taking propranolol. No ENTD corneal disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD corneal disease ENTDEND is known to have occurred in the propranolol group. Mean serum potassium level fell, and urea and ENTC uric acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD corneal disease ENTDEND is known to have occurred in the propranolol group. Mean serum potassium level fell, and ENTC urea ENTCEND
0	ENTD corneal disease ENTDEND is known to have occurred in the propranolol group. Mean serum ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND  No ENTD corneal disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC bendrofluazide ENTCEND  and propranolol for the treatment of mild ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND  for the treatment of mild ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
1	ENTD impaired glucose tolerance ENTDEND in men and women and gout in men, associated with ENTC bendrofluazide ENTCEND
0	ENTD impaired glucose tolerance ENTDEND in men and women and gout in men, associated with bendrofluazide treatment, and Raynaud's phenomenon and dyspnoea in men and women taking propranolol. No corneal disease is known to have occurred in the propranolol group. Mean serum potassium level fell, and urea and ENTC uric acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD impaired glucose tolerance ENTDEND in men and women and gout in men, associated with bendrofluazide treatment, and Raynaud's phenomenon and dyspnoea in men and women taking propranolol. No corneal disease is known to have occurred in the propranolol group. Mean serum potassium level fell, and ENTC urea ENTCEND
0	ENTD impaired glucose tolerance ENTDEND in men and women and gout in men, associated with bendrofluazide treatment, and Raynaud's phenomenon and dyspnoea in men and women taking propranolol. No corneal disease is known to have occurred in the propranolol group. Mean serum ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND than in those taking placebos. Other adverse reactions significantly linked with active drugs include ENTD impaired glucose tolerance ENTDEND
0	ENTC bendrofluazide ENTCEND treatment, and ENTD Raynaud's phenomenon ENTDEND
0	ENTD Raynaud's phenomenon ENTDEND and dyspnoea in men and women taking propranolol. No corneal disease is known to have occurred in the propranolol group. Mean serum potassium level fell, and urea and ENTC uric acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD Raynaud's phenomenon ENTDEND and dyspnoea in men and women taking propranolol. No corneal disease is known to have occurred in the propranolol group. Mean serum potassium level fell, and ENTC urea ENTCEND
0	ENTD Raynaud's phenomenon ENTDEND and dyspnoea in men and women taking propranolol. No corneal disease is known to have occurred in the propranolol group. Mean serum ENTC potassium ENTCEND
1	ENTD Raynaud's phenomenon ENTDEND and dyspnoea in men and women taking ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
1	ENTC bendrofluazide ENTCEND treatment and ENTD impotence ENTDEND
0	ENTD impotence ENTDEND also occurred more frequently in patients taking propranolol than in those taking placebos. Other adverse reactions significantly linked with active drugs include impaired glucose tolerance in men and women and gout in men, associated with bendrofluazide treatment, and Raynaud's phenomenon and dyspnoea in men and women taking propranolol. No corneal disease is known to have occurred in the propranolol group. Mean serum potassium level fell, and urea and ENTC uric acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD impotence ENTDEND also occurred more frequently in patients taking propranolol than in those taking placebos. Other adverse reactions significantly linked with active drugs include impaired glucose tolerance in men and women and gout in men, associated with bendrofluazide treatment, and Raynaud's phenomenon and dyspnoea in men and women taking propranolol. No corneal disease is known to have occurred in the propranolol group. Mean serum potassium level fell, and ENTC urea ENTCEND
0	ENTD impotence ENTDEND also occurred more frequently in patients taking propranolol than in those taking placebos. Other adverse reactions significantly linked with active drugs include impaired glucose tolerance in men and women and gout in men, associated with bendrofluazide treatment, and Raynaud's phenomenon and dyspnoea in men and women taking propranolol. No corneal disease is known to have occurred in the propranolol group. Mean serum ENTC potassium ENTCEND
1	ENTD impotence ENTDEND also occurred more frequently in patients taking ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
1	ENTD gout ENTDEND in men, associated with ENTC bendrofluazide ENTCEND
0	ENTD gout ENTDEND in men, associated with bendrofluazide treatment, and Raynaud's phenomenon and dyspnoea in men and women taking propranolol. No corneal disease is known to have occurred in the propranolol group. Mean serum potassium level fell, and urea and ENTC uric acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD gout ENTDEND in men, associated with bendrofluazide treatment, and Raynaud's phenomenon and dyspnoea in men and women taking propranolol. No corneal disease is known to have occurred in the propranolol group. Mean serum potassium level fell, and ENTC urea ENTCEND
0	ENTD gout ENTDEND in men, associated with bendrofluazide treatment, and Raynaud's phenomenon and dyspnoea in men and women taking propranolol. No corneal disease is known to have occurred in the propranolol group. Mean serum ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTD gout ENTDEND in men, associated with bendrofluazide treatment, and Raynaud's phenomenon and dyspnoea in men and women taking ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
0	ENTC bendrofluazide ENTCEND treatment, and Raynaud's phenomenon and ENTD dyspnoea ENTDEND
0	ENTD dyspnoea ENTDEND in men and women taking propranolol. No corneal disease is known to have occurred in the propranolol group. Mean serum potassium level fell, and urea and ENTC uric acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD dyspnoea ENTDEND in men and women taking propranolol. No corneal disease is known to have occurred in the propranolol group. Mean serum potassium level fell, and ENTC urea ENTCEND
0	ENTD dyspnoea ENTDEND in men and women taking propranolol. No corneal disease is known to have occurred in the propranolol group. Mean serum ENTC potassium ENTCEND
1	ENTD dyspnoea ENTDEND in men and women taking ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
1	ENTC isoflurane ENTCEND  ENTD Hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC nitrous oxide ENTCEND  oxygen, and isoflurane. ENTD Hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC PAH ENTCEND  clearance, respectively. Anesthesia was maintained with fentanyl, nitrous oxide, oxygen, and isoflurane. ENTD Hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND  and isoflurane. ENTD Hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND  nitrous oxide, oxygen, and isoflurane. ENTD Hypotension ENTDEND
1	ENTC Cocaine ENTCEND -induced brainstem ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC Cocaine ENTCEND generated more abnormal behaviors in the brainstem perturbation group, especially the electrically perturbated subjects. The abnormal behaviors were yawning, retrocollis, ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC Cocaine ENTCEND generated more abnormal behaviors in the brainstem perturbation group, especially the electrically perturbated subjects. The abnormal behaviors were yawning, retrocollis, hyperactivity, ENTD hypersensitivity ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND duration, elevation of ENTC phenytoin ENTCEND
1	ENTC phenytoin ENTCEND ENTD overdosages ENTDEND
0	ENTC phenytoin ENTCEND medication and ENTD cerebellar atrophy ENTDEND
0	ENTD epileptic ENTDEND  patients after ENTC phenytoin ENTCEND
0	ENTC oxacillin ENTCEND for one week because of Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia, developed renal failure and diffuse, symmetric, palpable ENTD purpuric lesions ENTDEND
0	ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND  The rash disappeared after three weeks and renal function returned to normal. Leucocytoclastic vasculitis presents as palpable ENTD purpura ENTDEND
0	ENTD collagen vascular disease ENTDEND and neoplasia. However, in half of the cases no etiologic factor is identified. Usually it is a self-limited disorder, but corticosteroid therapy may be needed in life-threatening cases since early treatment with corticosteroids in severe cases can prevent complications. ENTC Oxacillin ENTCEND
0	ENTD collagen vascular disease ENTDEND and neoplasia. However, in half of the cases no etiologic factor is identified. Usually it is a self-limited disorder, but ENTC corticosteroid ENTCEND
0	ENTC oxacillin ENTCEND for one week because of ENTD Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia ENTDEND
0	ENTD Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia ENTDEND  developed renal failure and diffuse, symmetric, palpable purpuric lesions on his feet. Necrotic blisters were noted on his fingers. Skin biopsies showed findings diagnostic of leucocytoclastic vasculitis. Oxacillin was discontinued and patient was treated with ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND
0	ENTC Oxacillin ENTCEND was discontinued and patient was treated with corticosteroids. The rash disappeared after three weeks and renal function returned to normal. Leucocytoclastic vasculitis presents as palpable purpura of the lower extremities often accompanied by ENTD abdominal pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND  The rash disappeared after three weeks and renal function returned to normal. Leucocytoclastic vasculitis presents as palpable purpura of the lower extremities often accompanied by ENTD abdominal pain ENTDEND
1	ENTD leucocytoclastic vasculitis ENTDEND  ENTC Oxacillin ENTCEND
1	ENTD leucocytoclastic vasculitis ENTDEND  Oxacillin was discontinued and patient was treated with ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND
1	ENTC oxacillin ENTCEND for one week because of Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia, developed ENTD renal failure ENTDEND
1	ENTD renal failure ENTDEND and diffuse, symmetric, palpable purpuric lesions on his feet. Necrotic blisters were noted on his fingers. Skin biopsies showed findings diagnostic of leucocytoclastic vasculitis. Oxacillin was discontinued and patient was treated with ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD infections ENTDEND  medications, collagen vascular disease and neoplasia. However, in half of the cases no etiologic factor is identified. Usually it is a self-limited disorder, but corticosteroid therapy may be needed in life-threatening cases since early treatment with corticosteroids in severe cases can prevent complications. ENTC Oxacillin ENTCEND
0	ENTD infections ENTDEND  medications, collagen vascular disease and neoplasia. However, in half of the cases no etiologic factor is identified. Usually it is a self-limited disorder, but ENTC corticosteroid ENTCEND
0	ENTD neoplasia ENTDEND  However, in half of the cases no etiologic factor is identified. Usually it is a self-limited disorder, but corticosteroid therapy may be needed in life-threatening cases since early treatment with corticosteroids in severe cases can prevent complications. ENTC Oxacillin ENTCEND
0	ENTD neoplasia ENTDEND  However, in half of the cases no etiologic factor is identified. Usually it is a self-limited disorder, but ENTC corticosteroid ENTCEND
0	ENTC oxacillin ENTCEND for one week because of ENTD Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia ENTDEND
0	ENTD Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia ENTDEND  developed renal failure and diffuse, symmetric, palpable purpuric lesions on his feet. Necrotic blisters were noted on his fingers. Skin biopsies showed findings diagnostic of leucocytoclastic vasculitis. Oxacillin was discontinued and patient was treated with ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND
0	ENTC Oxacillin ENTCEND was discontinued and patient was treated with corticosteroids. The ENTD rash ENTDEND
0	ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND  The ENTD rash ENTDEND
0	ENTD Necrotic blisters ENTDEND were noted on his fingers. Skin biopsies showed findings diagnostic of leucocytoclastic vasculitis. ENTC Oxacillin ENTCEND
0	ENTD Necrotic blisters ENTDEND were noted on his fingers. Skin biopsies showed findings diagnostic of leucocytoclastic vasculitis. Oxacillin was discontinued and patient was treated with ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND
0	ENTC Oxacillin ENTCEND was discontinued and patient was treated with corticosteroids. The rash disappeared after three weeks and renal function returned to normal. Leucocytoclastic vasculitis presents as palpable purpura of the lower extremities often accompanied by abdominal pain, ENTD arthralgia ENTDEND
0	ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND  The rash disappeared after three weeks and renal function returned to normal. Leucocytoclastic vasculitis presents as palpable purpura of the lower extremities often accompanied by abdominal pain, ENTD arthralgia ENTDEND
0	ENTD Necrotic blisters ENTDEND were noted on his fingers. Skin biopsies showed findings diagnostic of leucocytoclastic vasculitis. ENTC Oxacillin ENTCEND
0	ENTD Necrotic blisters ENTDEND were noted on his fingers. Skin biopsies showed findings diagnostic of leucocytoclastic vasculitis. Oxacillin was discontinued and patient was treated with ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND
0	ENTC Oxacillin ENTCEND was discontinued and patient was treated with corticosteroids. The rash disappeared after three weeks and renal function returned to normal. Leucocytoclastic vasculitis presents as palpable purpura of the lower extremities often accompanied by abdominal pain, arthralgia, and ENTD renal involvement ENTDEND
0	ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND  The rash disappeared after three weeks and renal function returned to normal. Leucocytoclastic vasculitis presents as palpable purpura of the lower extremities often accompanied by abdominal pain, arthralgia, and ENTD renal involvement ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypothyroidism ENTDEND  probably due to chronic autoimmune thyroiditis, was evidenced. Muscle biopsy (left gastrocnemius) revealed a perimysial and endomysial inflammatory infiltrate with a prevalence of CD4+ lymphocytes. While lovastatin and ENTC simvastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC pravastatin ENTCEND discontinuation. A previously unknown ENTD hypothyroidism ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypothyroidism ENTDEND  probably due to chronic autoimmune thyroiditis, was evidenced. Muscle biopsy (left gastrocnemius) revealed a perimysial and endomysial inflammatory infiltrate with a prevalence of CD4+ lymphocytes. While ENTC lovastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  He assumed pravastatin (20 mg/day) because of hypercholesterolemia. He was admitted with acute myopathy of the lower limbs which resolved in a few days after pravastatin discontinuation. A previously unknown hypothyroidism, probably due to chronic autoimmune thyroiditis, was evidenced. Muscle biopsy (left gastrocnemius) revealed a perimysial and endomysial inflammatory infiltrate with a prevalence of CD4+ lymphocytes. While lovastatin and ENTC simvastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  He assumed ENTC pravastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  He assumed pravastatin (20 mg/day) because of hypercholesterolemia. He was admitted with acute myopathy of the lower limbs which resolved in a few days after pravastatin discontinuation. A previously unknown hypothyroidism, probably due to chronic autoimmune thyroiditis, was evidenced. Muscle biopsy (left gastrocnemius) revealed a perimysial and endomysial inflammatory infiltrate with a prevalence of CD4+ lymphocytes. While ENTC lovastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD autoimmune thyroiditis ENTDEND  was evidenced. Muscle biopsy (left gastrocnemius) revealed a perimysial and endomysial inflammatory infiltrate with a prevalence of CD4+ lymphocytes. While lovastatin and ENTC simvastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC pravastatin ENTCEND discontinuation. A previously unknown hypothyroidism, probably due to chronic ENTD autoimmune thyroiditis ENTDEND
0	ENTD autoimmune thyroiditis ENTDEND  was evidenced. Muscle biopsy (left gastrocnemius) revealed a perimysial and endomysial inflammatory infiltrate with a prevalence of CD4+ lymphocytes. While ENTC lovastatin ENTCEND
1	ENTD inflammatory myopathy ENTDEND associated with the use of ENTC pravastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus ENTDEND and hypertension. He assumed pravastatin (20 mg/day) because of hypercholesterolemia. He was admitted with acute myopathy of the lower limbs which resolved in a few days after pravastatin discontinuation. A previously unknown hypothyroidism, probably due to chronic autoimmune thyroiditis, was evidenced. Muscle biopsy (left gastrocnemius) revealed a perimysial and endomysial inflammatory infiltrate with a prevalence of CD4+ lymphocytes. While lovastatin and ENTC simvastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus ENTDEND and hypertension. He assumed ENTC pravastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus ENTDEND and hypertension. He assumed pravastatin (20 mg/day) because of hypercholesterolemia. He was admitted with acute myopathy of the lower limbs which resolved in a few days after pravastatin discontinuation. A previously unknown hypothyroidism, probably due to chronic autoimmune thyroiditis, was evidenced. Muscle biopsy (left gastrocnemius) revealed a perimysial and endomysial inflammatory infiltrate with a prevalence of CD4+ lymphocytes. While ENTC lovastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypercholesterolemia ENTDEND  He was admitted with acute myopathy of the lower limbs which resolved in a few days after pravastatin discontinuation. A previously unknown hypothyroidism, probably due to chronic autoimmune thyroiditis, was evidenced. Muscle biopsy (left gastrocnemius) revealed a perimysial and endomysial inflammatory infiltrate with a prevalence of CD4+ lymphocytes. While lovastatin and ENTC simvastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC pravastatin ENTCEND (20 mg/day) because of ENTD hypercholesterolemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypercholesterolemia ENTDEND  He was admitted with acute myopathy of the lower limbs which resolved in a few days after pravastatin discontinuation. A previously unknown hypothyroidism, probably due to chronic autoimmune thyroiditis, was evidenced. Muscle biopsy (left gastrocnemius) revealed a perimysial and endomysial inflammatory infiltrate with a prevalence of CD4+ lymphocytes. While ENTC lovastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC simvastatin ENTCEND have been associated with toxic ENTD myopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD myopathy ENTDEND  ENTC pravastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC lovastatin ENTCEND and simvastatin have been associated with toxic ENTD myopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC heparin ENTCEND induced ENTD platelet aggregation ENTDEND
1	ENTC heparin ENTCEND induced ENTD thrombosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC rilmenidine ENTCEND hypotension. The enhanced alpha-methyldopa hypotension in Ovx rats was paralleled with further reduction in SDRR and ENTD a reduced locomotor activity ENTDEND
0	ENTC alpha-methyldopa ENTCEND hypotension in Ovx rats was paralleled with further reduction in SDRR and ENTD a reduced locomotor activity ENTDEND
0	ENTD a reduced locomotor activity ENTDEND  Estrogen replacement ( ENTC 17beta-estradiol ENTCEND
0	ENTD a reduced locomotor activity ENTDEND  Estrogen replacement (17beta-estradiol subcutaneous pellet, 14.2 microg/day, 12 wk) of Ovx rats restored the hemodynamic and locomotor effects of alpha-methyldopa to sham-operated levels. These findings suggest that ENTC estrogen ENTCEND
1	ENTC rilmenidine ENTCEND ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
1	ENTC alpha-methyldopa ENTCEND ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND in Ovx rats was paralleled with further reduction in SDRR and a reduced locomotor activity. Estrogen replacement ( ENTC 17beta-estradiol ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND effect of ENTC clonidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC imidazoline ENTCEND  receptor-mediated ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC estrogen ENTCEND negatively modulates the ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND
0	ENTD MDM ENTDEND  and 44 of 46 (96%) to ENTC PG ENTCEND
0	ENTC beta-lactam ENTCEND antibiotics. We selected the 54 (30.5%) cases of immediate AX allergy with good tolerance of PG. Anaphylaxis was seen in 37 patients (69%), the other 17 (31%) having urticaria and/or angioedema. All the patients were skin test negative to BPO; 49 of 51 (96%) were also negative to ENTD MDM ENTDEND
0	ENTD MDM ENTDEND  and 44 of 46 (96%) to PG. Skin tests with ENTC AX ENTCEND
0	ENTD allergic ENTDEND responses to amoxicillin (AX) or were cross-reacting with other ENTC penicillin ENTCEND
0	ENTD allergy ENTDEND with good tolerance of ENTC PG ENTCEND
0	ENTD allergic ENTDEND to ENTC beta-lactam ENTCEND
1	ENTC AX ENTCEND ENTD allergy ENTDEND
0	ENTD allergic ENTDEND responses to amoxicillin (AX) or were cross-reacting with other penicillin derivatives. Skin tests were performed with benzylpenicilloyl-poly-L-lysine (BPO-PLL), benzylpenicilloate, benzylpenicillin (PG), ENTC ampicillin ENTCEND
0	ENTC PG ENTCEND  ENTD Anaphylaxis ENTDEND
0	ENTC beta-lactam ENTCEND antibiotics. We selected the 54 (30.5%) cases of immediate AX allergy with good tolerance of PG. ENTD Anaphylaxis ENTDEND
1	ENTC AX ENTCEND allergy with good tolerance of PG. ENTD Anaphylaxis ENTDEND
0	ENTC AMP ENTCEND , and AX. RAST for BPO-PLL and AX-PLL was done. When both skin test and RAST for BPO were negative, single-blind, placebo-controlled challenge tests were done to ensure tolerance of PG or sensitivity to AX. A total of 177 patients were diagnosed as allergic to beta-lactam antibiotics. We selected the 54 (30.5%) cases of immediate AX allergy with good tolerance of PG. ENTD Anaphylaxis ENTDEND
0	ENTC PG ENTCEND  Anaphylaxis was seen in 37 patients (69%), the other 17 (31%) having ENTD urticaria ENTDEND
0	ENTC beta-lactam ENTCEND antibiotics. We selected the 54 (30.5%) cases of immediate AX allergy with good tolerance of PG. Anaphylaxis was seen in 37 patients (69%), the other 17 (31%) having ENTD urticaria ENTDEND
0	ENTC AX ENTCEND allergy with good tolerance of PG. Anaphylaxis was seen in 37 patients (69%), the other 17 (31%) having ENTD urticaria ENTDEND
0	ENTC AMP ENTCEND , and AX. RAST for BPO-PLL and AX-PLL was done. When both skin test and RAST for BPO were negative, single-blind, placebo-controlled challenge tests were done to ensure tolerance of PG or sensitivity to AX. A total of 177 patients were diagnosed as allergic to beta-lactam antibiotics. We selected the 54 (30.5%) cases of immediate AX allergy with good tolerance of PG. Anaphylaxis was seen in 37 patients (69%), the other 17 (31%) having ENTD urticaria ENTDEND
0	ENTC PG ENTCEND  Anaphylaxis was seen in 37 patients (69%), the other 17 (31%) having urticaria and/or ENTD angioedema ENTDEND
0	ENTC beta-lactam ENTCEND antibiotics. We selected the 54 (30.5%) cases of immediate AX allergy with good tolerance of PG. Anaphylaxis was seen in 37 patients (69%), the other 17 (31%) having urticaria and/or ENTD angioedema ENTDEND
1	ENTC AX ENTCEND allergy with good tolerance of PG. Anaphylaxis was seen in 37 patients (69%), the other 17 (31%) having urticaria and/or ENTD angioedema ENTDEND
0	ENTC AMP ENTCEND , and AX. RAST for BPO-PLL and AX-PLL was done. When both skin test and RAST for BPO were negative, single-blind, placebo-controlled challenge tests were done to ensure tolerance of PG or sensitivity to AX. A total of 177 patients were diagnosed as allergic to beta-lactam antibiotics. We selected the 54 (30.5%) cases of immediate AX allergy with good tolerance of PG. Anaphylaxis was seen in 37 patients (69%), the other 17 (31%) having urticaria and/or ENTD angioedema ENTDEND
0	ENTC D-Penicillamine ENTCEND like compound) and class I antigens B35-Cw4, and between dermatitis due to gold thiosulphate and B35. Compared to healthy controls a lower DR5 frequency was observed in patients with ENTD RA ENTDEND
0	ENTC gold ENTCEND thiosulphate and B35. Compared to healthy controls a lower DR5 frequency was observed in patients with ENTD RA ENTDEND
0	ENTD RA ENTDEND except for the ENTC Tiopronin ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND were studied for possible associations with class I and II HLA antigens. A strong association has been found between nephritis and dermatitis due to Tiopronin (a ENTC D-Penicillamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND were studied for possible associations with class I and II HLA antigens. A strong association has been found between nephritis and dermatitis due to Tiopronin (a D-Penicillamine like compound) and class I antigens B35-Cw4, and between dermatitis due to ENTC gold ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND were studied for possible associations with class I and II HLA antigens. A strong association has been found between nephritis and dermatitis due to ENTC Tiopronin ENTCEND
0	ENTD dermatitis ENTDEND due to Tiopronin (a ENTC D-Penicillamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD dermatitis ENTDEND due to ENTC gold ENTCEND
1	ENTD dermatitis ENTDEND due to ENTC Tiopronin ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephritis ENTDEND and dermatitis due to Tiopronin (a ENTC D-Penicillamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephritis ENTDEND and dermatitis due to Tiopronin (a D-Penicillamine like compound) and class I antigens B35-Cw4, and between dermatitis due to ENTC gold ENTCEND
1	ENTC Tiopronin ENTCEND related ENTD nephritis ENTDEND
0	ENTD cataract ENTDEND extraction and beginning topical therapy with ENTC chloramphenicol ENTCEND
1	ENTC chloramphenicol ENTCEND .A 73-year-old woman died of ENTD aplastic anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC chloramphenicol ENTCEND  The first signs of ENTD pancytopenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD ocular toxicity ENTDEND associated with topically applied ENTC chloramphenicol ENTCEND
0	ENTC chloramphenicol ENTCEND for ocular conditions, although two cases of reversible ENTD bone marrow hypoplasia ENTDEND
0	ENTD Neurotoxicity ENTDEND is a potentially serious toxic effect. It is characterized by encephalopathy, headaches, seizures, or neurological deficits. Here, we describe an eight-and-a-half-yr-old male renal transplant recipient with right BN. MRI demonstrated hyperintense T2 signals in the cervical cord and right brachial plexus roots indicative of both myelitis and right brachial plexitis. Symptoms persisted for three months despite TAC dose reduction, administration of IVIG and four doses of ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
0	ENTC TAC ENTCEND has been shown to be a potent immunosuppressive agent for solid organ transplantation in pediatrics. ENTD Neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC everolimus ENTCEND  in a pediatric renal transplant recipient--case report and review of the literature.TAC has been shown to be a potent immunosuppressive agent for solid organ transplantation in pediatrics. ENTD Neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD myelitis ENTDEND and right brachial plexitis. Symptoms persisted for three months despite TAC dose reduction, administration of IVIG and four doses of ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
0	ENTD myelitis ENTDEND and right brachial plexitis. Symptoms persisted for three months despite ENTC TAC ENTCEND
0	ENTD myelitis ENTDEND and right brachial plexitis. Symptoms persisted for three months despite TAC dose reduction, administration of IVIG and four doses of methylprednisolone pulse therapy. Improvement and eventually full recovery only occurred after TAC was completely discontinued and successfully replaced by ENTC everolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD headaches ENTDEND  seizures, or neurological deficits. Here, we describe an eight-and-a-half-yr-old male renal transplant recipient with right BN. MRI demonstrated hyperintense T2 signals in the cervical cord and right brachial plexus roots indicative of both myelitis and right brachial plexitis. Symptoms persisted for three months despite TAC dose reduction, administration of IVIG and four doses of ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
0	ENTC TAC ENTCEND has been shown to be a potent immunosuppressive agent for solid organ transplantation in pediatrics. Neurotoxicity is a potentially serious toxic effect. It is characterized by encephalopathy, ENTD headaches ENTDEND
0	ENTC everolimus ENTCEND  in a pediatric renal transplant recipient--case report and review of the literature.TAC has been shown to be a potent immunosuppressive agent for solid organ transplantation in pediatrics. Neurotoxicity is a potentially serious toxic effect. It is characterized by encephalopathy, ENTD headaches ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND  or neurological deficits. Here, we describe an eight-and-a-half-yr-old male renal transplant recipient with right BN. MRI demonstrated hyperintense T2 signals in the cervical cord and right brachial plexus roots indicative of both myelitis and right brachial plexitis. Symptoms persisted for three months despite TAC dose reduction, administration of IVIG and four doses of ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
0	ENTC TAC ENTCEND has been shown to be a potent immunosuppressive agent for solid organ transplantation in pediatrics. Neurotoxicity is a potentially serious toxic effect. It is characterized by encephalopathy, headaches, ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC everolimus ENTCEND  in a pediatric renal transplant recipient--case report and review of the literature.TAC has been shown to be a potent immunosuppressive agent for solid organ transplantation in pediatrics. Neurotoxicity is a potentially serious toxic effect. It is characterized by encephalopathy, headaches, ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurological deficits ENTDEND  Here, we describe an eight-and-a-half-yr-old male renal transplant recipient with right BN. MRI demonstrated hyperintense T2 signals in the cervical cord and right brachial plexus roots indicative of both myelitis and right brachial plexitis. Symptoms persisted for three months despite TAC dose reduction, administration of IVIG and four doses of ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
0	ENTC TAC ENTCEND has been shown to be a potent immunosuppressive agent for solid organ transplantation in pediatrics. Neurotoxicity is a potentially serious toxic effect. It is characterized by encephalopathy, headaches, seizures, or ENTD neurological deficits ENTDEND
0	ENTC everolimus ENTCEND  in a pediatric renal transplant recipient--case report and review of the literature.TAC has been shown to be a potent immunosuppressive agent for solid organ transplantation in pediatrics. Neurotoxicity is a potentially serious toxic effect. It is characterized by encephalopathy, headaches, seizures, or ENTD neurological deficits ENTDEND
0	ENTD encephalopathy ENTDEND  headaches, seizures, or neurological deficits. Here, we describe an eight-and-a-half-yr-old male renal transplant recipient with right BN. MRI demonstrated hyperintense T2 signals in the cervical cord and right brachial plexus roots indicative of both myelitis and right brachial plexitis. Symptoms persisted for three months despite TAC dose reduction, administration of IVIG and four doses of ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
0	ENTC TAC ENTCEND has been shown to be a potent immunosuppressive agent for solid organ transplantation in pediatrics. Neurotoxicity is a potentially serious toxic effect. It is characterized by ENTD encephalopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC everolimus ENTCEND  in a pediatric renal transplant recipient--case report and review of the literature.TAC has been shown to be a potent immunosuppressive agent for solid organ transplantation in pediatrics. Neurotoxicity is a potentially serious toxic effect. It is characterized by ENTD encephalopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD brachial plexitis ENTDEND  Symptoms persisted for three months despite TAC dose reduction, administration of IVIG and four doses of ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
1	ENTC tacrolimus ENTCEND -associated ENTD brachial neuritis ENTDEND
0	ENTD brachial neuritis ENTDEND  after conversion to ENTC everolimus ENTCEND
0	ENTD orthostatic hypotension ENTDEND  hepatic changes, anticholinergic side effects, sexual dysfunction, and weight gain. The newer atypical agents have a lower risk of EPS, but are associated in varying degrees with sedation, cardiovascular effects, anticholinergic effects, weight gain, sexual dysfunction, hepatic effects, lowered seizure threshold (primarily ENTC clozapine ENTCEND
0	ENTD weight gain ENTDEND  sexual dysfunction, hepatic effects, lowered seizure threshold (primarily ENTC clozapine ENTCEND
0	ENTD EPS ENTDEND  but are associated in varying degrees with sedation, cardiovascular effects, anticholinergic effects, weight gain, sexual dysfunction, hepatic effects, lowered seizure threshold (primarily ENTC clozapine ENTCEND
0	ENTD sexual dysfunction ENTDEND  hepatic effects, lowered seizure threshold (primarily ENTC clozapine ENTCEND
0	ENTD seizure ENTDEND threshold (primarily ENTC clozapine ENTCEND
1	ENTD agranulocytosis ENTDEND ( ENTC clozapine ENTCEND
0	ENTD tardive dyskinesia ENTDEND  sedation, and possible impairment of some cognitive measures, as well as cardiac effects, orthostatic hypotension, hepatic changes, anticholinergic side effects, sexual dysfunction, and weight gain. The newer atypical agents have a lower risk of EPS, but are associated in varying degrees with sedation, cardiovascular effects, anticholinergic effects, weight gain, sexual dysfunction, hepatic effects, lowered seizure threshold (primarily ENTC clozapine ENTCEND
0	ENTC FA ENTCEND intravitreal implant or standard therapy were analyzed. RESULTS: During the 3-year follow-up, 71.0% of implanted eyes had an IOP increase of 10 mm Hg or more than baseline and 55.1%, 24.7%, and 6.2% of eyes reached an IOP of 30 mm Hg or more, 40 mm Hg or more, and 50 mm Hg or more, respectively. Topical IOP-lowering medication was administered in 74.8% of implanted eyes, and IOP-lowering surgeries, most of which were trabeculectomies (76.2%), were performed on 36.6% of implanted eyes. Intraocular pressure-lowering surgeries were considered a success (postoperative IOP of 6-21 mm Hg with or without additional IOP-lowering medication) in 85.1% of eyes at 1 year. The rate of ENTD hypotony ENTDEND
1	ENTD elevated intraocular pressure ENTDEND (IOP) in patients with uveitis treated with the ENTC fluocinolone acetonide ENTCEND
0	ENTD uveitis ENTDEND  treated with ENTC fluocinolone acetonide ENTCEND
0	ENTC nitrazepam ENTCEND overdose and two of those with chlormethiazole intoxication conformed to the criteria of 'alpha coma', showing non-reactive generalized or frontally predominant alpha activity in the EEG. The fourth patient who was unconscious after chlormethiazole administration exhibite generalized non-reactive activity in the slow beta range. All four recovered completely without neurological sequelae following the withdrawal of the offending agents. The similarities between the effects of structural lesions and pharmacological depression of the brain stem reticular formation are discussed. It is suggested that in both situations disturbed reticulo-thalamic interactions are important in the pathogenesis of alpha coma. It is concluded that when this electroencephalographic and behavioural picture is seen in drug intoxication, in the absence of significant ENTD hypoxaemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC chlormethiazole ENTCEND administration exhibite generalized non-reactive activity in the slow beta range. All four recovered completely without neurological sequelae following the withdrawal of the offending agents. The similarities between the effects of structural lesions and pharmacological depression of the brain stem reticular formation are discussed. It is suggested that in both situations disturbed reticulo-thalamic interactions are important in the pathogenesis of alpha coma. It is concluded that when this electroencephalographic and behavioural picture is seen in drug intoxication, in the absence of significant ENTD hypoxaemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD cerebral hypoxia ENTDEND .Four patients who were rendered comatose or stuporous by drug intoxication, but who were not hypoxic, are described. Three patients received high doses of chlormethiazole for alcohol withdrawal symptoms, and one took a suicidal overdose of ENTC nitrazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTD cerebral hypoxia ENTDEND .Four patients who were rendered comatose or stuporous by drug intoxication, but who were not hypoxic, are described. Three patients received high doses of ENTC chlormethiazole ENTCEND
0	ENTD cerebral hypoxia ENTDEND .Four patients who were rendered comatose or stuporous by drug intoxication, but who were not hypoxic, are described. Three patients received high doses of chlormethiazole for ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTC nitrazepam ENTCEND overdose and two of those with chlormethiazole intoxication conformed to the criteria of 'alpha coma', showing non-reactive generalized or frontally predominant alpha activity in the EEG. The fourth patient who was unconscious after chlormethiazole administration exhibite generalized non-reactive activity in the slow beta range. All four recovered completely without ENTD neurological sequelae ENTDEND
0	ENTC chlormethiazole ENTCEND administration exhibite generalized non-reactive activity in the slow beta range. All four recovered completely without ENTD neurological sequelae ENTDEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND withdrawal symptoms, and one took a suicidal overdose of nitrazepam. The patient with nitrazepam overdose and two of those with chlormethiazole intoxication conformed to the criteria of 'alpha coma', showing non-reactive generalized or frontally predominant alpha activity in the EEG. The fourth patient who was unconscious after chlormethiazole administration exhibite generalized non-reactive activity in the slow beta range. All four recovered completely without ENTD neurological sequelae ENTDEND
0	ENTD withdrawal symptoms ENTDEND  and one took a suicidal overdose of ENTC nitrazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTC chlormethiazole ENTCEND for alcohol ENTD withdrawal symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND ENTD withdrawal symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTD stuporous ENTDEND by drug intoxication, but who were not hypoxic, are described. Three patients received high doses of chlormethiazole for alcohol withdrawal symptoms, and one took a suicidal overdose of ENTC nitrazepam ENTCEND
1	ENTD stuporous ENTDEND by drug intoxication, but who were not hypoxic, are described. Three patients received high doses of ENTC chlormethiazole ENTCEND
0	ENTD stuporous ENTDEND by drug intoxication, but who were not hypoxic, are described. Three patients received high doses of chlormethiazole for ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTC nitrazepam ENTCEND overdose and two of those with chlormethiazole intoxication conformed to the criteria of 'alpha coma', showing non-reactive generalized or frontally predominant alpha activity in the EEG. The fourth patient who was unconscious after chlormethiazole administration exhibite generalized non-reactive activity in the slow beta range. All four recovered completely without neurological sequelae following the withdrawal of the offending agents. The similarities between the effects of structural lesions and pharmacological ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC chlormethiazole ENTCEND administration exhibite generalized non-reactive activity in the slow beta range. All four recovered completely without neurological sequelae following the withdrawal of the offending agents. The similarities between the effects of structural lesions and pharmacological ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND withdrawal symptoms, and one took a suicidal overdose of nitrazepam. The patient with nitrazepam overdose and two of those with chlormethiazole intoxication conformed to the criteria of 'alpha coma', showing non-reactive generalized or frontally predominant alpha activity in the EEG. The fourth patient who was unconscious after chlormethiazole administration exhibite generalized non-reactive activity in the slow beta range. All four recovered completely without neurological sequelae following the withdrawal of the offending agents. The similarities between the effects of structural lesions and pharmacological ENTD depression ENTDEND
1	ENTC nitrazepam ENTCEND ENTD overdose ENTDEND
0	ENTD overdose ENTDEND and two of those with ENTC chlormethiazole ENTCEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND withdrawal symptoms, and one took a suicidal ENTD overdose ENTDEND
1	ENTC nitrazepam ENTCEND overdose and two of those with chlormethiazole intoxication conformed to the criteria of 'alpha ENTD coma ENTDEND
1	ENTC chlormethiazole ENTCEND intoxication conformed to the criteria of 'alpha ENTD coma ENTDEND
0	ENTD comatose ENTDEND or stuporous by drug intoxication, but who were not hypoxic, are described. Three patients received high doses of chlormethiazole for ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTD decreased cardiac output ENTDEND and QS/QT. ENTC Nitroprusside ENTCEND
0	ENTC H2O ENTCEND , while decreasing QS/QT, produce marked ENTD decreases in arterial blood pressure and cardiac output ENTDEND
1	ENTC nitroprusside ENTCEND -induced ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC H2O ENTCEND , while decreasing QS/QT, produce marked ENTD decreases in arterial blood pressure and cardiac output ENTDEND
1	ENTC M ENTCEND and T, respectively). This was associated with a similar ENTD loss in body weight ENTDEND
0	ENTC steroid ENTCEND treated groups (-50 and -79% in M and T, respectively). This was associated with a similar ENTD loss in body weight ENTDEND
0	ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND  The mechanism of this myopathy is poorly understood. Therefore, 60 male rats were randomly assigned to receive daily injection of saline (C), methylprednisolone (M), or triamcinolone (T) 80 mg/kg/d for 5 d. Nutritional intake, measured daily in 15 animals, showed a significant reduction of food intake in the steroid-treated groups (-50 and -79% in M and T, respectively). This was associated with a similar ENTD loss in body weight ENTDEND
1	ENTC T ENTCEND  respectively). This was associated with a similar ENTD loss in body weight ENTDEND
0	ENTC M ENTCEND  whereas ENTD tetanic ENTDEND
0	ENTD tetanic ENTDEND tensions were similar. ENTC Steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTC T ENTCEND group (765 +/- 145 g/cm(2), NS). Half-relaxation time was prolonged in both steroid groups, and time to peak tension was longer with M, whereas ENTD tetanic ENTDEND
1	ENTD reduction of food intake ENTDEND in the steroid-treated groups (-50 and -79% in ENTC M ENTCEND
0	ENTD reduction of food intake ENTDEND in the ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND  The mechanism of this myopathy is poorly understood. Therefore, 60 male rats were randomly assigned to receive daily injection of saline (C), methylprednisolone (M), or triamcinolone (T) 80 mg/kg/d for 5 d. Nutritional intake, measured daily in 15 animals, showed a significant ENTD reduction of food intake ENTDEND
1	ENTD reduction of food intake ENTDEND in the steroid-treated groups (-50 and -79% in M and ENTC T ENTCEND
0	ENTC M ENTCEND  whereas tetanic tensions were similar. Steroid treatment also induced a leftward shift of the force-frequency curve at 25 and 50 Hz when compared with saline treatment (p < 0.05). ATPase staining of the diaphragm, scalenus medius, and gastrocnemius showed type IIb fiber atrophy in the steroid groups and also diaphragmatic type IIa atrophy with T, whereas histologic examinations revealed a normal muscular pattern with absence of ENTD necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC steroid ENTCEND caused muscle ENTD necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD necrosis ENTDEND  Finally, a pair-fed (PF) study, performed in 18 rats (C, ENTC T ENTCEND
0	ENTC M ENTCEND  whereas tetanic tensions were similar. Steroid treatment also induced a leftward shift of the force-frequency curve at 25 and 50 Hz when compared with saline treatment (p < 0.05). ATPase staining of the diaphragm, scalenus medius, and gastrocnemius showed type IIb fiber atrophy in the steroid groups and also diaphragmatic type IIa atrophy with T, whereas histologic examinations revealed a normal muscular pattern with absence of necrosis. Finally, a pair-fed (PF) study, performed in 18 rats (C, T, and PF), showed that muscle atrophy was considerably less pronounced in PF animals than in T-treated animals. We conclude that (1) short-term treatment with massive doses of steroids induced severe respiratory and limb muscle wasting; (2) both types of steroids induced predominantly type IIb ENTD atrophy ENTDEND
0	ENTC steroids ENTCEND induced predominantly type IIb ENTD atrophy ENTDEND
0	ENTC T ENTCEND treated animals. We conclude that (1) short-term treatment with massive doses of steroids induced severe respiratory and limb muscle wasting; (2) both types of steroids induced predominantly type IIb ENTD atrophy ENTDEND
0	ENTD myopathy ENTDEND is poorly understood. Therefore, 60 male rats were randomly assigned to receive daily injection of saline (C), ENTC methylprednisolone ENTCEND
0	ENTC steroid ENTCEND  administration on ventilatory and peripheral muscles in rats.Occasional case reports have shown that acute ENTD myopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC corticosteroids ENTCEND  The mechanism of this ENTD myopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD myopathy ENTDEND is poorly understood. Therefore, 60 male rats were randomly assigned to receive daily injection of saline (C), methylprednisolone (M), or ENTC triamcinolone ENTCEND
1	ENTC M ENTCEND  whereas tetanic tensions were similar. Steroid treatment also induced a leftward shift of the force-frequency curve at 25 and 50 Hz when compared with saline treatment (p < 0.05). ATPase staining of the diaphragm, scalenus medius, and gastrocnemius showed type IIb fiber ENTD atrophy ENTDEND
0	ENTD atrophy ENTDEND in the ENTC steroid ENTCEND
1	ENTD atrophy ENTDEND with ENTC T ENTCEND
0	ENTD hematomas ENTDEND (i.e., >15 microL). In contrast, such extensive lesions were never found in the ENTC PCC ENTCEND
0	ENTC Warfarin ENTCEND associated intracerebral hemorrhage (W-ICH) is a severe type of ENTD stroke ENTDEND
0	ENTD stroke ENTDEND  There is no consensus on the optimal treatment for W-ICH. Using a mouse model, we tested whether the rapid reversal of anticoagulation using human ENTC prothrombin complex concentrate ENTCEND
0	ENTD hemorrhage ENTDEND  volume in a mouse model of ENTC warfarin ENTCEND
0	ENTC PCC ENTCEND (100 U/kg) or saline i.v. (n=12 per group). Twenty-four hours after ENTD hemorrhage ENTDEND
1	ENTD intracerebral hemorrhage ENTDEND . ENTC Warfarin ENTCEND
0	ENTC PCC ENTCEND to be an effective acute treatment for W- ENTD ICH ENTDEND
0	ENTC steroid ENTCEND induced ENTD IOP rise ENTDEND
1	ENTD elevated intraocular pressure ENTDEND (IOP) that resolved after ENTC corticosteroid ENTCEND
1	ENTD inferior colliculus lesion ENTDEND  in ENTC metronidazole ENTCEND
0	ENTC metronidazole ENTCEND (total dosage, 45-120 g; duration, 30 days to 2 months) to treat the ENTD infection ENTDEND
0	ENTC prednisone ENTCEND  aspirin, and dipyridamole. The patients have all regained some degree of renal function. However, it is unclear whether pharmacological treatment or spontaneous resolution is responsible for the improvement. Quinine-associated ENTD hemolytic-uremic syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC dipyridamole ENTCEND  The patients have all regained some degree of renal function. However, it is unclear whether pharmacological treatment or spontaneous resolution is responsible for the improvement. Quinine-associated ENTD hemolytic-uremic syndrome ENTDEND
1	ENTC quinine ENTCEND . ENTD Hemolytic-uremic syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC aspirin ENTCEND  and dipyridamole. The patients have all regained some degree of renal function. However, it is unclear whether pharmacological treatment or spontaneous resolution is responsible for the improvement. Quinine-associated ENTD hemolytic-uremic syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC PAN ENTCEND injection so as to include both the acute phase of proteinuria associated with foot process effacement (days 5-11) and the chronic phase of proteinuria associated with ENTD glomerulosclerosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC tyrosine ENTCEND phosphatase located on the apical cell membrane of visceral glomerular epithelial cell and foot processes. This receptor plays a role in regulating the structure and function of podocyte foot process. To better understand the utility of GLEPP1 as a marker of glomerular injury, the amount and distribution of GLEPP1 protein and mRNA were examined by immunohistochemistry, Western blot and RNase protection assay in a model of podocyte injury in the rat. Puromycin aminonucleoside nephrosis was induced by single intraperitoneal injection of puromycin aminonucleoside (PAN, 20 mg/100g BW). Tissues were analyzed at 0, 5, 7, 11, 21, 45, 80 and 126 days after PAN injection so as to include both the acute phase of proteinuria associated with foot process effacement (days 5-11) and the chronic phase of proteinuria associated with ENTD glomerulosclerosis ENTDEND
1	ENTC PAN ENTCEND injection so as to include both the acute phase of ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC tyrosine ENTCEND phosphatase located on the apical cell membrane of visceral glomerular epithelial cell and foot processes. This receptor plays a role in regulating the structure and function of podocyte foot process. To better understand the utility of GLEPP1 as a marker of glomerular injury, the amount and distribution of GLEPP1 protein and mRNA were examined by immunohistochemistry, Western blot and RNase protection assay in a model of podocyte injury in the rat. Puromycin aminonucleoside nephrosis was induced by single intraperitoneal injection of puromycin aminonucleoside (PAN, 20 mg/100g BW). Tissues were analyzed at 0, 5, 7, 11, 21, 45, 80 and 126 days after PAN injection so as to include both the acute phase of ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND
1	ENTC PAN ENTCEND ENTD nephrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC tyrosine ENTCEND  phosphatase (Ptpro) in rat PAN ENTD nephrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD glomerular injury ENTDEND  the amount and distribution of GLEPP1 protein and mRNA were examined by immunohistochemistry, Western blot and RNase protection assay in a model of podocyte injury in the rat. ENTC Puromycin aminonucleoside ENTCEND
0	ENTC tyrosine ENTCEND phosphatase located on the apical cell membrane of visceral glomerular epithelial cell and foot processes. This receptor plays a role in regulating the structure and function of podocyte foot process. To better understand the utility of GLEPP1 as a marker of ENTD glomerular injury ENTDEND
1	ENTC DXR ENTCEND ENTD CM ENTDEND
0	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND for rate and rhythm control. When discharged less than 24 hours later, he was receiving metoprolol and aspirin, with follow-up plans for echocardiography and nuclear imaging to assess perfusion. Exogenous creatine is used by athletes to theoretically improve exercise performance. Vegetarians may also take creatine to replace what they are not consuming from meat, fish, and other animal products. Previous anecdotal reports have linked creatine to the development of ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND is present in this population, reversible causes must be identified and resolved. Thyroid disorders, illicit drug or stimulant use, and acute alcohol intoxication are among these causes. We report the case of a 30-year-old Caucasian man who came to the emergency department in atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, ENTC magnesium ENTCEND
0	ENTC aspirin ENTCEND  with follow-up plans for echocardiography and nuclear imaging to assess perfusion. Exogenous creatine is used by athletes to theoretically improve exercise performance. Vegetarians may also take creatine to replace what they are not consuming from meat, fish, and other animal products. Previous anecdotal reports have linked creatine to the development of ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND is present in this population, reversible causes must be identified and resolved. Thyroid disorders, illicit drug or stimulant use, and acute alcohol intoxication are among these causes. We report the case of a 30-year-old Caucasian man who came to the emergency department in atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and potassium levels were within normal limits, urine drug screen was negative, and ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTC heparin ENTCEND  and given intravenous diltiazem for rate control and intravenous amiodarone for rate and rhythm control. When discharged less than 24 hours later, he was receiving metoprolol and aspirin, with follow-up plans for echocardiography and nuclear imaging to assess perfusion. Exogenous creatine is used by athletes to theoretically improve exercise performance. Vegetarians may also take creatine to replace what they are not consuming from meat, fish, and other animal products. Previous anecdotal reports have linked creatine to the development of ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND is present in this population, reversible causes must be identified and resolved. Thyroid disorders, illicit drug or stimulant use, and acute alcohol intoxication are among these causes. We report the case of a 30-year-old Caucasian man who came to the emergency department in atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND to the development of ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND for rate control and intravenous amiodarone for rate and rhythm control. When discharged less than 24 hours later, he was receiving metoprolol and aspirin, with follow-up plans for echocardiography and nuclear imaging to assess perfusion. Exogenous creatine is used by athletes to theoretically improve exercise performance. Vegetarians may also take creatine to replace what they are not consuming from meat, fish, and other animal products. Previous anecdotal reports have linked creatine to the development of ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND and aspirin, with follow-up plans for echocardiography and nuclear imaging to assess perfusion. Exogenous creatine is used by athletes to theoretically improve exercise performance. Vegetarians may also take creatine to replace what they are not consuming from meat, fish, and other animal products. Previous anecdotal reports have linked creatine to the development of ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTD Thyroid disorders ENTDEND  illicit drug or stimulant use, and acute alcohol intoxication are among these causes. We report the case of a 30-year-old Caucasian man who came to the emergency department in atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and potassium levels were within normal limits, urine drug screen was negative, and alcohol use was denied. However, when the patient was questioned about use of herbal products and supplements, the use of creatine monohydrate was revealed. The patient was admitted to the hospital, anticoagulated with unfractionated heparin, and given intravenous diltiazem for rate control and intravenous ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTD Thyroid disorders ENTDEND  illicit drug or stimulant use, and acute alcohol intoxication are among these causes. We report the case of a 30-year-old Caucasian man who came to the emergency department in atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, ENTC magnesium ENTCEND
0	ENTD Thyroid disorders ENTDEND  illicit drug or stimulant use, and acute alcohol intoxication are among these causes. We report the case of a 30-year-old Caucasian man who came to the emergency department in atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and potassium levels were within normal limits, urine drug screen was negative, and ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTD Thyroid disorders ENTDEND  illicit drug or stimulant use, and acute alcohol intoxication are among these causes. We report the case of a 30-year-old Caucasian man who came to the emergency department in atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and potassium levels were within normal limits, urine drug screen was negative, and alcohol use was denied. However, when the patient was questioned about use of herbal products and supplements, the use of creatine monohydrate was revealed. The patient was admitted to the hospital, anticoagulated with unfractionated ENTC heparin ENTCEND
0	ENTD Thyroid disorders ENTDEND  illicit drug or stimulant use, and acute alcohol intoxication are among these causes. We report the case of a 30-year-old Caucasian man who came to the emergency department in atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND  monohydrate supplementation.Atrial fibrillation in young patients without structural heart disease is rare. Therefore, when the arrhythmia is present in this population, reversible causes must be identified and resolved. ENTD Thyroid disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTD Thyroid disorders ENTDEND  illicit drug or stimulant use, and acute alcohol intoxication are among these causes. We report the case of a 30-year-old Caucasian man who came to the emergency department in atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and potassium levels were within normal limits, urine drug screen was negative, and alcohol use was denied. However, when the patient was questioned about use of herbal products and supplements, the use of creatine monohydrate was revealed. The patient was admitted to the hospital, anticoagulated with unfractionated heparin, and given intravenous ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute alcohol intoxication ENTDEND are among these causes. We report the case of a 30-year-old Caucasian man who came to the emergency department in atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and potassium levels were within normal limits, urine drug screen was negative, and alcohol use was denied. However, when the patient was questioned about use of herbal products and supplements, the use of creatine monohydrate was revealed. The patient was admitted to the hospital, anticoagulated with unfractionated heparin, and given intravenous diltiazem for rate control and intravenous ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute alcohol intoxication ENTDEND are among these causes. We report the case of a 30-year-old Caucasian man who came to the emergency department in atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, ENTC magnesium ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute alcohol intoxication ENTDEND are among these causes. We report the case of a 30-year-old Caucasian man who came to the emergency department in atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and potassium levels were within normal limits, urine drug screen was negative, and ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute alcohol intoxication ENTDEND are among these causes. We report the case of a 30-year-old Caucasian man who came to the emergency department in atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and potassium levels were within normal limits, urine drug screen was negative, and alcohol use was denied. However, when the patient was questioned about use of herbal products and supplements, the use of creatine monohydrate was revealed. The patient was admitted to the hospital, anticoagulated with unfractionated ENTC heparin ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute alcohol intoxication ENTDEND are among these causes. We report the case of a 30-year-old Caucasian man who came to the emergency department in atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND  monohydrate supplementation.Atrial fibrillation in young patients without structural heart disease is rare. Therefore, when the arrhythmia is present in this population, reversible causes must be identified and resolved. Thyroid disorders, illicit drug or stimulant use, and ENTD acute alcohol intoxication ENTDEND
0	ENTD acute alcohol intoxication ENTDEND are among these causes. We report the case of a 30-year-old Caucasian man who came to the emergency department in atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and potassium levels were within normal limits, urine drug screen was negative, and alcohol use was denied. However, when the patient was questioned about use of herbal products and supplements, the use of creatine monohydrate was revealed. The patient was admitted to the hospital, anticoagulated with unfractionated heparin, and given intravenous ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND
0	ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and potassium levels were within normal limits, urine drug screen was negative, and alcohol use was denied. However, when the patient was questioned about use of herbal products and supplements, the use of creatine monohydrate was revealed. The patient was admitted to the hospital, anticoagulated with unfractionated heparin, and given intravenous diltiazem for rate control and intravenous ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, ENTC magnesium ENTCEND
0	ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and potassium levels were within normal limits, urine drug screen was negative, and alcohol use was denied. However, when the patient was questioned about use of herbal products and supplements, the use of creatine monohydrate was revealed. The patient was admitted to the hospital, anticoagulated with unfractionated heparin, and given intravenous diltiazem for rate control and intravenous amiodarone for rate and rhythm control. When discharged less than 24 hours later, he was receiving metoprolol and ENTC aspirin ENTCEND
0	ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and potassium levels were within normal limits, urine drug screen was negative, and ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and potassium levels were within normal limits, urine drug screen was negative, and alcohol use was denied. However, when the patient was questioned about use of herbal products and supplements, the use of creatine monohydrate was revealed. The patient was admitted to the hospital, anticoagulated with unfractionated ENTC heparin ENTCEND
0	ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and ENTC potassium ENTCEND
1	ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND  associated with ENTC creatine ENTCEND
0	ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and potassium levels were within normal limits, urine drug screen was negative, and alcohol use was denied. However, when the patient was questioned about use of herbal products and supplements, the use of creatine monohydrate was revealed. The patient was admitted to the hospital, anticoagulated with unfractionated heparin, and given intravenous ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND
0	ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and potassium levels were within normal limits, urine drug screen was negative, and alcohol use was denied. However, when the patient was questioned about use of herbal products and supplements, the use of creatine monohydrate was revealed. The patient was admitted to the hospital, anticoagulated with unfractionated heparin, and given intravenous diltiazem for rate control and intravenous amiodarone for rate and rhythm control. When discharged less than 24 hours later, he was receiving ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart disease ENTDEND is rare. Therefore, when the arrhythmia is present in this population, reversible causes must be identified and resolved. Thyroid disorders, illicit drug or stimulant use, and acute alcohol intoxication are among these causes. We report the case of a 30-year-old Caucasian man who came to the emergency department in atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, ENTC magnesium ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart disease ENTDEND is rare. Therefore, when the arrhythmia is present in this population, reversible causes must be identified and resolved. Thyroid disorders, illicit drug or stimulant use, and acute alcohol intoxication are among these causes. We report the case of a 30-year-old Caucasian man who came to the emergency department in atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and potassium levels were within normal limits, urine drug screen was negative, and ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart disease ENTDEND is rare. Therefore, when the arrhythmia is present in this population, reversible causes must be identified and resolved. Thyroid disorders, illicit drug or stimulant use, and acute alcohol intoxication are among these causes. We report the case of a 30-year-old Caucasian man who came to the emergency department in atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response. His medical history was unremarkable, except for minor fractures of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND  monohydrate supplementation.Atrial fibrillation in young patients without structural ENTD heart disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD fractures ENTDEND of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and potassium levels were within normal limits, urine drug screen was negative, and alcohol use was denied. However, when the patient was questioned about use of herbal products and supplements, the use of creatine monohydrate was revealed. The patient was admitted to the hospital, anticoagulated with unfractionated heparin, and given intravenous diltiazem for rate control and intravenous ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTD fractures ENTDEND of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, ENTC magnesium ENTCEND
0	ENTD fractures ENTDEND of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and potassium levels were within normal limits, urine drug screen was negative, and alcohol use was denied. However, when the patient was questioned about use of herbal products and supplements, the use of creatine monohydrate was revealed. The patient was admitted to the hospital, anticoagulated with unfractionated heparin, and given intravenous diltiazem for rate control and intravenous amiodarone for rate and rhythm control. When discharged less than 24 hours later, he was receiving metoprolol and ENTC aspirin ENTCEND
0	ENTD fractures ENTDEND of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and potassium levels were within normal limits, urine drug screen was negative, and ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
0	ENTD fractures ENTDEND of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and potassium levels were within normal limits, urine drug screen was negative, and alcohol use was denied. However, when the patient was questioned about use of herbal products and supplements, the use of creatine monohydrate was revealed. The patient was admitted to the hospital, anticoagulated with unfractionated ENTC heparin ENTCEND
0	ENTD fractures ENTDEND of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and ENTC potassium ENTCEND
0	ENTD fractures ENTDEND of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and potassium levels were within normal limits, urine drug screen was negative, and alcohol use was denied. However, when the patient was questioned about use of herbal products and supplements, the use of ENTC creatine ENTCEND
0	ENTD fractures ENTDEND of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and potassium levels were within normal limits, urine drug screen was negative, and alcohol use was denied. However, when the patient was questioned about use of herbal products and supplements, the use of creatine monohydrate was revealed. The patient was admitted to the hospital, anticoagulated with unfractionated heparin, and given intravenous ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND
0	ENTD fractures ENTDEND of the fingers and foot. Thyroid-stimulating hormone, magnesium, and potassium levels were within normal limits, urine drug screen was negative, and alcohol use was denied. However, when the patient was questioned about use of herbal products and supplements, the use of creatine monohydrate was revealed. The patient was admitted to the hospital, anticoagulated with unfractionated heparin, and given intravenous diltiazem for rate control and intravenous amiodarone for rate and rhythm control. When discharged less than 24 hours later, he was receiving ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND
1	ENTC AZT ENTCEND -induced ENTD anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD anemia ENTDEND in mice can be reversed by the administration of IGF-IL-3 (fusion protein of insulin-like growth factor II (IGF II) and interleukin 3). Although interleukin 3 (IL-3) and erythropoietin (EPO) are known to act synergistically on hematopoietic cell proliferation in vitro, injection of IGF-IL-3 and EPO in AZT-treated mice resulted in a reduction of red cells and an increase of plasma EPO levels as compared to animals treated with IGF-IL-3 or EPO alone. We tested the hypothesis that the antagonistic effect of IL-3 and EPO on erythroid cells may be mediated by endothelial cells. Bovine liver erythroid cells were cultured on monolayers of human bone marrow endothelial cells previously treated with EPO and IGF-IL-3. There was a significant reduction of ENTC thymidine ENTCEND
1	ENTD intrahepatic cholestasis ENTDEND by ENTC ethinyl estradiol ENTCEND
0	ENTC EE ENTCEND  treatment and ENTD extrahepatic cholestasis ENTDEND
0	ENTD cholestasis ENTDEND  attempts to localize the precise site of hepatocyte TJ damage by freeze-fracture electron microscopy have produced limited information. Recently, several TJ-associated proteins like ZO-1 and 7H6 have been identified and characterized. Immunolocalization of 7H6 appears to closely correlate with paracellular permeability. We used rat models of intrahepatic cholestasis by ENTC ethinyl estradiol ENTCEND
0	ENTD dry mouth ENTDEND  and drowsiness were significantly less with dothiepin than with amitriptyline. Dothiepin also produced fewer CNS and cardiovascular effects. There were no clinically important changes in laboratory parameters. Dothiepin thus was found to be an effective ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND
1	ENTD dry mouth ENTDEND  and drowsiness were significantly less with dothiepin than with ENTC amitriptyline ENTCEND
0	ENTD dry mouth ENTDEND  and drowsiness were significantly less with ENTC dothiepin ENTCEND
0	ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND drug associated with fewer side effects than amitriptyline in the treatment of ENTD depressed ENTDEND
0	ENTC amitriptyline ENTCEND in the treatment of ENTD depressed ENTDEND
0	ENTD depressed ENTDEND outpatients. ENTC Dothiepin ENTCEND
0	ENTD blurred vision ENTDEND  dry mouth, and drowsiness were significantly less with dothiepin than with amitriptyline. Dothiepin also produced fewer CNS and cardiovascular effects. There were no clinically important changes in laboratory parameters. Dothiepin thus was found to be an effective ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND
1	ENTD blurred vision ENTDEND  dry mouth, and drowsiness were significantly less with dothiepin than with ENTC amitriptyline ENTCEND
0	ENTD blurred vision ENTDEND  dry mouth, and drowsiness were significantly less with ENTC dothiepin ENTCEND
0	ENTC PEG 400 ENTCEND impressively decreased both acute high-dose and chronic low-dose-ADR-associated lethality. Light microscopic analysis showed a significant protection against ADR-induced ENTD cardiac morphological alterations ENTDEND
1	ENTC ADR ENTCEND induced ENTD cardiac morphological alterations ENTDEND
0	ENTC PEG 400 ENTCEND impressively decreased both acute high-dose and chronic low-dose-ADR-associated lethality. Light microscopic analysis showed a significant protection against ADR-induced cardiac morphological alterations. Such treatment did not diminish the ADR antitumor activity in L1210 leukemia and in ENTD Ehrlich ascites tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC ADR ENTCEND antitumor activity in L1210 leukemia and in ENTD Ehrlich ascites tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTC polyethylene glycol 400 ENTCEND  on adriamycin ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC PEG 400 ENTCEND impressively decreased both acute high-dose and chronic low-dose-ADR-associated lethality. Light microscopic analysis showed a significant protection against ADR-induced cardiac morphological alterations. Such treatment did not diminish the ADR antitumor activity in ENTD L1210 leukemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC ADR ENTCEND antitumor activity in ENTD L1210 leukemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND therapy for ENTD Wegener's granulomatosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND  therapy for control of intractable cyclophosphamide-induced hemorrhagic cystitis.We report a case of intractable hemorrhagic cystitis due to cyclophosphamide therapy for ENTD Wegener's granulomatosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD Wegener's granulomatosis ENTDEND  Conservative treatment, including bladder irrigation with physiological saline and instillation of ENTC prostaglandin F2 alpha ENTCEND
1	ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND due to ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTD hemorrhage ENTDEND  We then used hyperbaric ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
0	ENTC prostaglandin F2 alpha ENTCEND  failed to totally control ENTD hemorrhage ENTDEND
1	ENTD hematuria ENTDEND thereafter. No side effect was noted during the course of therapy. In future, this form of therapy can offer a safe alternative in the treatment of ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND at an absolute pressure of 2 atm, 5 days a week for 8 consecutive weeks. The bleeding ceased completely by the end of treatment and the patient remained free of ENTD hematuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC prostaglandin F2 alpha ENTCEND  failed to totally control hemorrhage. We then used hyperbaric oxygen at an absolute pressure of 2 atm, 5 days a week for 8 consecutive weeks. The bleeding ceased completely by the end of treatment and the patient remained free of ENTD hematuria ENTDEND
1	ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND due to ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND  therapy for control of intractable cyclophosphamide-induced ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND due to cyclophosphamide therapy for Wegener's granulomatosis. Conservative treatment, including bladder irrigation with physiological saline and instillation of ENTC prostaglandin F2 alpha ENTCEND
0	ENTC corticosterone ENTCEND had beneficial effects on TOTP-induced neuropathy, greater than or equal to 200 ppm exacerbated clinical signs in chickens given either TOTP or DFP. ENTD Neurotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTC DFP ENTCEND  ENTD Neurotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTD Neurotoxic ENTDEND esterase activities 24 hr after TOTP or DFP were less than 20% of values measured in chickens not given ENTC organophosphorous ENTCEND
0	ENTC TOTP ENTCEND or DFP. ENTD Neurotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTC corticosterone ENTCEND  on organophosphorus-induced delayed ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND
1	ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND  in chickens.Tri-ortho-tolyl phosphate (TOTP), 360 mg/kg, po, and ENTC 0,0'-diisopropyl phosphorofluoridate ENTCEND
0	ENTC organophosphorus ENTCEND -induced delayed ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND
1	ENTC TOTP ENTCEND induced ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC corticosterone ENTCEND without TOTP or DFP had significantly elevated activity of plasma cholinesterase and significantly inhibited activity of liver carboxylesterase. ENTD Degenerating myelinated fibers ENTDEND
1	ENTD Degenerating myelinated fibers ENTDEND were also evident in distal levels of the peripheral nerves of chickens given TOTP or ENTC DFP ENTCEND
0	ENTC organophosphorous ENTCEND compounds. Chickens given 200 ppm corticosterone without TOTP or DFP had significantly elevated activity of plasma cholinesterase and significantly inhibited activity of liver carboxylesterase. ENTD Degenerating myelinated fibers ENTDEND
1	ENTD Degenerating myelinated fibers ENTDEND were also evident in distal levels of the peripheral nerves of chickens given ENTC TOTP ENTCEND
0	ENTD polyuric ENTDEND despite cessation of lithium and investigations on admission showed him to have normal osmoregulated thirst and ENTC vasopressin ENTCEND
1	ENTD polyuric ENTDEND despite cessation of ENTC lithium ENTCEND
0	ENTD head injury ENTDEND  Ten years previously he had been diagnosed to have lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus, and lithium therapy had been discontinued. He remained thirsty and polyuric despite cessation of lithium and investigations on admission showed him to have normal osmoregulated thirst and ENTC vasopressin ENTCEND
0	ENTD head injury ENTDEND  Ten years previously he had been diagnosed to have ENTC lithium ENTCEND
0	ENTD dehydration ENTDEND following a head injury. Ten years previously he had been diagnosed to have lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus, and lithium therapy had been discontinued. He remained thirsty and polyuric despite cessation of lithium and investigations on admission showed him to have normal osmoregulated thirst and ENTC vasopressin ENTCEND
0	ENTD dehydration ENTDEND following a head injury. Ten years previously he had been diagnosed to have ENTC lithium ENTCEND
0	ENTC vasopressin ENTCEND secretion, with clear evidence of ENTD nephrogenic diabetes insipidus ENTDEND
1	ENTD nephrogenic diabetes insipidus ENTDEND  ENTC Lithium ENTCEND
1	ENTC Simvastatin ENTCEND -induced bilateral leg ENTD compartment syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC thyroxine ENTCEND and simvastatin presented with bilateral leg ENTD compartment syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC Simvastatin ENTCEND -induced bilateral leg compartment syndrome and ENTD myonecrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD myonecrosis ENTDEND  associated with hypothyroidism.A 54-year-old hypothyroid male taking ENTC thyroxine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypothyroid ENTDEND male taking thyroxine and ENTC simvastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypothyroid ENTDEND male taking ENTC thyroxine ENTCEND
0	ENTC simvastatin ENTCEND  It is likely that this complication will be seen more often with the increased worldwide use of this drug and its approval for all ENTD arteriopathic ENTDEND
0	ENTC thyroxine ENTCEND and simvastatin presented with bilateral leg compartment syndrome and myonecrosis. Urgent fasciotomies were performed and the patient made an uneventful recovery with the withdrawal of simvastatin. It is likely that this complication will be seen more often with the increased worldwide use of this drug and its approval for all ENTD arteriopathic ENTDEND
0	ENTC thallium ENTCEND 201 single-photon emission tomography (SPECT). During a transient (20-s) ENTD coronary occlusion ENTDEND
0	ENTD coronary occlusion ENTDEND  a perfusion defect was observed with contrast echocardiography in 14 of the 15 dogs in which the occlusion was produced. The perfusion defect correlated significantly with the anatomic area at risk (r = 0.74; p less than 0.002). During ENTC dipyridamole ENTCEND
0	ENTD coronary stenosis ENTDEND : correlation with ENTC thallium ENTCEND
0	ENTC dipyridamole ENTCEND induced hyperemia, 12 of the 16 dogs with a partial ENTD coronary stenosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC Thallium ENTCEND 201 SPECT demonstrated a perfusion defect in all 14 dogs analyzed during dipyridamole-induced ENTD hyperemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC dipyridamole ENTCEND induced ENTD hyperemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC LTG ENTCEND exacerbated ENTD MJ ENTDEND
0	ENTD IGE ENTDEND  treated with ENTC lamotrigine ENTCEND
0	ENTD quadriplegic ENTDEND after parenteral magnesium administration for preeclampsia. The serum magnesium concentration was 3.0 mEq/L, which is usually well tolerated. The magnesium was stopped and she recovered over a few days. While she was weak, 2-Hz repetitive stimulation revealed a decrement without significant facilitation at rapid rates or after exercise, suggesting postsynaptic neuromuscular blockade. After her strength returned, repetitive stimulation was normal, but single fiber EMG revealed increased jitter and blocking. Her ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTD quadriplegic ENTDEND after parenteral ENTC magnesium ENTCEND
0	ENTD preeclampsia ENTDEND  The serum magnesium concentration was 3.0 mEq/L, which is usually well tolerated. The magnesium was stopped and she recovered over a few days. While she was weak, 2-Hz repetitive stimulation revealed a decrement without significant facilitation at rapid rates or after exercise, suggesting postsynaptic neuromuscular blockade. After her strength returned, repetitive stimulation was normal, but single fiber EMG revealed increased jitter and blocking. Her ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTD preeclampsia ENTDEND  The serum ENTC magnesium ENTCEND
0	ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND receptor antibody level was markedly elevated. Although paralysis after magnesium administration has been described in patients with known ENTD myasthenia gravis ENTDEND
1	ENTD Myasthenia gravis ENTDEND  presenting as weakness after ENTC magnesium ENTCEND
0	ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND receptor antibody level was markedly elevated. Although paralysis after magnesium administration has been described in patients with known myasthenia gravis, it has not previously been reported to be the initial or only manifestation of the disease. Patients who are unusually sensitive to the neuromuscular effects of magnesium should be suspected of having an underlying ENTD disorder of neuromuscular transmission ENTDEND
0	ENTC magnesium ENTCEND should be suspected of having an underlying ENTD disorder of neuromuscular transmission ENTDEND
0	ENTD postsynaptic neuromuscular blockade ENTDEND  After her strength returned, repetitive stimulation was normal, but single fiber EMG revealed increased jitter and blocking. Her ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuromuscular disease ENTDEND who became virtually quadriplegic after parenteral ENTC magnesium ENTCEND
0	ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND receptor antibody level was markedly elevated. Although ENTD paralysis ENTDEND
0	ENTD paralysis ENTDEND after ENTC magnesium ENTCEND
0	ENTC thalidomide ENTCEND to docetaxel in the treatment of ENTD prostate cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTC docetaxel ENTCEND in the treatment of ENTD prostate cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTC thalidomide ENTCEND 200 mg every evening plus the same docetaxel regimen. This 4-week cycle was repeated until there was evidence of excessive ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC docetaxel ENTCEND regimen. This 4-week cycle was repeated until there was evidence of excessive ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC thalidomide ENTCEND developed ENTD VTE ENTDEND
1	ENTC docetaxel ENTCEND alone developed ENTD VTE ENTDEND
1	ENTC levobupivacaine ENTCEND that produced ENTD dysrhythmias ENTDEND
1	ENTD dysrhythmias ENTDEND and asystole were smaller than the corresponding doses of ENTC ropivacaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND  The cumulative doses of levobupivacaine that produced ENTD dysrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTD dysrhythmias ENTDEND and asystole were smaller than the corresponding doses of ropivacaine, but they were larger than those of bupivacaine. The number of successful resuscitations did not differ among groups. However, a smaller dose of ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND
1	ENTC levobupivacaine ENTCEND and ropivacaine that produced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
1	ENTC ropivacaine ENTCEND that produced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD seizures ENTDEND were similar and were larger than those of ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Epinephrine ENTCEND 0.01 mg/kg was administered at 1-min intervals while external cardiac compressions were applied. Resuscitation was considered successful when a systolic arterial pressure > or =100 mm Hg was achieved within 5 min. The cumulative doses of levobupivacaine and ropivacaine that produced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of ENTC levobupivacaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of bupivacaine, levobupivacaine, and ENTC ropivacaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND was required in the Ropivacaine group than in the other groups. We conclude that the systemic ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC levobupivacaine ENTCEND that produced dysrhythmias and ENTD asystole ENTDEND
1	ENTC ropivacaine ENTCEND induced ENTD cardiac arrest ENTDEND
0	ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND when administered at the same rate and that ropivacaine-induced ENTD cardiac arrest ENTDEND
0	ENTD asystole ENTDEND was recorded, drug infusion was stopped and a resuscitation sequence was begun. ENTC Epinephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND  interaction.Cisapride, a cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A4) substrate, is widely prescribed for the treatment of ENTD gastrointestinal motility disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTD gastrointestinal motility disorders ENTDEND  Prolongation of QT interval, torsades de pointes, and sudden cardiac death have been reported after concomitant administration with erythromycin or ENTC azole ENTCEND
0	ENTC Cisapride ENTCEND  a cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A4) substrate, is widely prescribed for the treatment of ENTD gastrointestinal motility disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTD gastrointestinal motility disorders ENTDEND  Prolongation of QT interval, torsades de pointes, and sudden cardiac death have been reported after concomitant administration with ENTC erythromycin ENTCEND
0	ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND  an agent that has inhibitory effect on CYP3A4, for ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTC azole ENTCEND antifungal agents, but not with other CYP3A4 inhibitors. A possible drug interaction occurred in a 45-year-old woman who was taking cisapride for gastroesophageal reflux disorder and diltiazem, an agent that has inhibitory effect on CYP3A4, for ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  The patient was in near syncope and had QT-interval prolongation. After discontinuing ENTC cisapride ENTCEND
0	ENTC erythromycin ENTCEND or azole antifungal agents, but not with other CYP3A4 inhibitors. A possible drug interaction occurred in a 45-year-old woman who was taking cisapride for gastroesophageal reflux disorder and diltiazem, an agent that has inhibitory effect on CYP3A4, for ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
1	ENTD Prolongation of the QT interval ENTDEND  related to cisapride ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND
1	ENTD Prolongation of QT interval ENTDEND  torsades de pointes, and sudden cardiac death have been reported after concomitant administration with erythromycin or ENTC azole ENTCEND
1	ENTD Prolongation of the QT interval ENTDEND  related to ENTC cisapride ENTCEND
1	ENTD Prolongation of QT interval ENTDEND  torsades de pointes, and sudden cardiac death have been reported after concomitant administration with ENTC erythromycin ENTCEND
0	ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND  an agent that has inhibitory effect on CYP3A4, for hypertension. The patient was in near ENTD syncope ENTDEND
0	ENTC azole ENTCEND antifungal agents, but not with other CYP3A4 inhibitors. A possible drug interaction occurred in a 45-year-old woman who was taking cisapride for gastroesophageal reflux disorder and diltiazem, an agent that has inhibitory effect on CYP3A4, for hypertension. The patient was in near ENTD syncope ENTDEND
0	ENTD syncope ENTDEND and had QT-interval prolongation. After discontinuing ENTC cisapride ENTCEND
0	ENTC erythromycin ENTCEND or azole antifungal agents, but not with other CYP3A4 inhibitors. A possible drug interaction occurred in a 45-year-old woman who was taking cisapride for gastroesophageal reflux disorder and diltiazem, an agent that has inhibitory effect on CYP3A4, for hypertension. The patient was in near ENTD syncope ENTDEND
0	ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND  interaction.Cisapride, a cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A4) substrate, is widely prescribed for the treatment of gastrointestinal motility disorders. Prolongation of QT interval, torsades de pointes, and ENTD sudden cardiac death ENTDEND
1	ENTD sudden cardiac death ENTDEND have been reported after concomitant administration with erythromycin or ENTC azole ENTCEND
1	ENTC Cisapride ENTCEND  a cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A4) substrate, is widely prescribed for the treatment of gastrointestinal motility disorders. Prolongation of QT interval, torsades de pointes, and ENTD sudden cardiac death ENTDEND
1	ENTD sudden cardiac death ENTDEND have been reported after concomitant administration with ENTC erythromycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD gastroesophageal reflux disorder ENTDEND and ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND
0	ENTC azole ENTCEND antifungal agents, but not with other CYP3A4 inhibitors. A possible drug interaction occurred in a 45-year-old woman who was taking cisapride for ENTD gastroesophageal reflux disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTC cisapride ENTCEND for ENTD gastroesophageal reflux disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTC erythromycin ENTCEND or azole antifungal agents, but not with other CYP3A4 inhibitors. A possible drug interaction occurred in a 45-year-old woman who was taking cisapride for ENTD gastroesophageal reflux disorder ENTDEND
0	ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND  interaction.Cisapride, a cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A4) substrate, is widely prescribed for the treatment of gastrointestinal motility disorders. Prolongation of QT interval, ENTD torsades de pointes ENTDEND
1	ENTD torsades de pointes ENTDEND  and sudden cardiac death have been reported after concomitant administration with erythromycin or ENTC azole ENTCEND
1	ENTC Cisapride ENTCEND  a cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A4) substrate, is widely prescribed for the treatment of gastrointestinal motility disorders. Prolongation of QT interval, ENTD torsades de pointes ENTDEND
1	ENTD torsades de pointes ENTDEND  and sudden cardiac death have been reported after concomitant administration with ENTC erythromycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD metastases ENTDEND (4%), one minor response, and 2 patients stable for over 6 months. Somnolence and constipation were prominent toxicities and most patients could not tolerate the 1200 mg/day dose level. Systemic plasma VEGF165 levels did not change with therapy. CONCLUSION: These results are consistent with a low level of activity of ENTC thalidomide ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND and activity of ENTC thalidomide ENTCEND
1	ENTD constipation ENTDEND were prominent toxicities and most patients could not tolerate the 1200 mg/day dose level. Systemic plasma VEGF165 levels did not change with therapy. CONCLUSION: These results are consistent with a low level of activity of ENTC thalidomide ENTCEND
0	ENTC thalidomide ENTCEND in ENTD renal cell carcinoma ENTDEND
1	ENTD Somnolence ENTDEND and constipation were prominent toxicities and most patients could not tolerate the 1200 mg/day dose level. Systemic plasma VEGF165 levels did not change with therapy. CONCLUSION: These results are consistent with a low level of activity of ENTC thalidomide ENTCEND
0	ENTD increase in heart rate and cardiac output ENTDEND  rebound hypertension was observed in three patients after discontinuation of nitroprusside. Labetalol administration was not associated with any of these findings. Arterial ENTC PO2 ENTCEND
1	ENTD increase in heart rate and cardiac output ENTDEND  rebound hypertension was observed in three patients after discontinuation of ENTC nitroprusside ENTCEND
0	ENTD increase in heart rate and cardiac output ENTDEND  rebound hypertension was observed in three patients after discontinuation of nitroprusside. ENTC Labetalol ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND was observed in three patients after discontinuation of nitroprusside. Labetalol administration was not associated with any of these findings. Arterial ENTC PO2 ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND was observed in three patients after discontinuation of ENTC nitroprusside ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND was observed in three patients after discontinuation of nitroprusside. ENTC Labetalol ENTCEND
0	ENTD reductions in mean arterial blood pressure ENTDEND (BP) (50 to 55 mmHg). Nitroprusside infusion was associated with a significant (p less than 0.05) increase in heart rate and cardiac output; rebound hypertension was observed in three patients after discontinuation of nitroprusside. Labetalol administration was not associated with any of these findings. Arterial ENTC PO2 ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND and ENTC nitroprusside ENTCEND
1	ENTC labetalol ENTCEND induced ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND in rats. Pretreatment of TCR, at a dose of 0.5 mL/100 g bodyweight per day, orally for 30 days, prevented the increase in lipid peroxidation and activity of marker enzymes observed in isoproterenol-induced rats (85 mg kg(-1) s. c. for 2 days at an interval of 24 h). TCR prevented the isoproterenol-induced decrease in antioxidant enzymes in the heart and increased the rate of ENTC ADP ENTCEND
1	ENTC isoproterenol ENTCEND -induced ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND in rats. Pretreatment of TCR, at a dose of 0.5 mL/100 g bodyweight per day, orally for 30 days, prevented the increase in lipid peroxidation and activity of marker enzymes observed in isoproterenol-induced rats (85 mg kg(-1) s. c. for 2 days at an interval of 24 h). TCR prevented the isoproterenol-induced decrease in antioxidant enzymes in the heart and increased the rate of ADP-stimulated ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND  in rats. ENTC Tincture of Crataegus ENTCEND
1	ENTC Antidepressant ENTCEND -induced ENTD mania ENTDEND
0	ENTC lithium ENTCEND (44%, 8/18; p = .04). The number of previous ENTD manic ENTDEND
1	ENTC SSRIs ENTCEND [8/33]); 16% (N = 7) experienced ENTD manic ENTDEND
1	ENTC mefloquine ENTCEND  Reactions consisted mainly of seizures, acute psychoses, ENTD anxiety neurosis ENTDEND
1	ENTC mefloquine ENTCEND  Reactions consisted mainly of seizures, acute psychoses, anxiety neurosis, and major ENTD disturbances of sleep-wake rhythm ENTDEND
1	ENTC mefloquine ENTCEND  Reactions consisted mainly of ENTD seizures ENTDEND
1	ENTC mefloquine ENTCEND  Reactions consisted mainly of seizures, acute ENTD psychoses ENTDEND
0	ENTD malaria ENTDEND prophylaxis and treatment with ENTC mefloquine ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND  fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTC atazanavir ENTCEND resulting in rhabdomyolysis and acute renal failure. BACKGROUND: A 72-year-old white man with underlying human immunodeficiency virus, atrial fibrillation, coronary artery disease, and hyperlipidemia presented with generalized ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND  fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg ENTC simvastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND  fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL blood urea nitrogen, 4.6 mg/dL creatinine, 1579 U/L ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND  fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL ENTC blood urea nitrogen ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND  fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL blood urea nitrogen, 4.6 mg/dL creatinine, 1579 U/L aspartate aminotransferase, and 738 U/L ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND  fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL blood urea nitrogen, 4.6 mg/dL ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND  fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L ENTC creatine ENTCEND
0	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND  and the patient's ENTD human immunodeficiency virus ENTDEND
0	ENTC atazanavir ENTCEND resulting in rhabdomyolysis and acute renal failure. BACKGROUND: A 72-year-old white man with underlying ENTD human immunodeficiency virus ENTDEND
0	ENTC Simvastatin ENTCEND  amiodarone, and the patient's ENTD human immunodeficiency virus ENTDEND
0	ENTC aspartate ENTCEND aminotransferase, and 738 U/L alanine aminotransferase. Simvastatin, amiodarone, and the patient's ENTD human immunodeficiency virus ENTDEND
0	ENTC blood urea nitrogen ENTCEND  4.6 mg/dL creatinine, 1579 U/L aspartate aminotransferase, and 738 U/L alanine aminotransferase. Simvastatin, amiodarone, and the patient's ENTD human immunodeficiency virus ENTDEND
0	ENTC alanine ENTCEND aminotransferase. Simvastatin, amiodarone, and the patient's ENTD human immunodeficiency virus ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND  1579 U/L aspartate aminotransferase, and 738 U/L alanine aminotransferase. Simvastatin, amiodarone, and the patient's ENTD human immunodeficiency virus ENTDEND
0	ENTD human immunodeficiency virus ENTDEND medications were all temporarily discontinued and the patient was given forced alkaline diuresis and started on dialysis. Nine days later the patient's ENTC creatine ENTCEND
1	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND  and atazanavir resulting in ENTD rhabdomyolysis ENTDEND
1	ENTC atazanavir ENTCEND resulting in ENTD rhabdomyolysis ENTDEND
1	ENTC simvastatin ENTCEND  amiodarone, and atazanavir resulting in ENTD rhabdomyolysis ENTDEND
0	ENTD rhabdomyolysis ENTDEND is increased in the presence of concomitant drugs that inhibit simvastatin metabolism. Simvastatin is metabolized by CYP3A4. Amiodarone and atazanavir are recognized CYP3A4 inhibitors. CONCLUSIONS: Pharmacokinetic differences in statins are an important consideration for assessing the risk of potential drug interactions. In patients requiring the concurrent use of statins and CYP3A4 inhibitors, ENTC pravastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC aspartate ENTCEND aminotransferase, and 738 U/L alanine aminotransferase. Simvastatin, amiodarone, and the patient's human immunodeficiency virus medications were all temporarily discontinued and the patient was given forced alkaline diuresis and started on dialysis. Nine days later the patient's creatine kinase had dropped to 1695 U/L and creatinine was 3.3 mg/dL. The patient was discharged and continued outpatient dialysis for 1 month until his renal function recovered. DISCUSSION: The risk of ENTD rhabdomyolysis ENTDEND
0	ENTD rhabdomyolysis ENTDEND is increased in the presence of concomitant drugs that inhibit simvastatin metabolism. Simvastatin is metabolized by CYP3A4. Amiodarone and atazanavir are recognized CYP3A4 inhibitors. CONCLUSIONS: Pharmacokinetic differences in statins are an important consideration for assessing the risk of potential drug interactions. In patients requiring the concurrent use of statins and CYP3A4 inhibitors, pravastatin, fluvastatin, and rosuvastatin carry the lowest risk of drug interactions; atorvastatin carries moderate risk, whereas simvastatin and ENTC lovastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC blood urea nitrogen ENTCEND  4.6 mg/dL creatinine, 1579 U/L aspartate aminotransferase, and 738 U/L alanine aminotransferase. Simvastatin, amiodarone, and the patient's human immunodeficiency virus medications were all temporarily discontinued and the patient was given forced alkaline diuresis and started on dialysis. Nine days later the patient's creatine kinase had dropped to 1695 U/L and creatinine was 3.3 mg/dL. The patient was discharged and continued outpatient dialysis for 1 month until his renal function recovered. DISCUSSION: The risk of ENTD rhabdomyolysis ENTDEND
0	ENTD rhabdomyolysis ENTDEND is increased in the presence of concomitant drugs that inhibit simvastatin metabolism. Simvastatin is metabolized by CYP3A4. Amiodarone and atazanavir are recognized CYP3A4 inhibitors. CONCLUSIONS: Pharmacokinetic differences in statins are an important consideration for assessing the risk of potential drug interactions. In patients requiring the concurrent use of statins and CYP3A4 inhibitors, pravastatin, fluvastatin, and rosuvastatin carry the lowest risk of drug interactions; ENTC atorvastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD rhabdomyolysis ENTDEND is increased in the presence of concomitant drugs that inhibit simvastatin metabolism. Simvastatin is metabolized by CYP3A4. Amiodarone and atazanavir are recognized CYP3A4 inhibitors. CONCLUSIONS: Pharmacokinetic differences in statins are an important consideration for assessing the risk of potential drug interactions. In patients requiring the concurrent use of statins and CYP3A4 inhibitors, pravastatin, ENTC fluvastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC alanine ENTCEND aminotransferase. Simvastatin, amiodarone, and the patient's human immunodeficiency virus medications were all temporarily discontinued and the patient was given forced alkaline diuresis and started on dialysis. Nine days later the patient's creatine kinase had dropped to 1695 U/L and creatinine was 3.3 mg/dL. The patient was discharged and continued outpatient dialysis for 1 month until his renal function recovered. DISCUSSION: The risk of ENTD rhabdomyolysis ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatinine ENTCEND was 3.3 mg/dL. The patient was discharged and continued outpatient dialysis for 1 month until his renal function recovered. DISCUSSION: The risk of ENTD rhabdomyolysis ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND kinase had dropped to 1695 U/L and creatinine was 3.3 mg/dL. The patient was discharged and continued outpatient dialysis for 1 month until his renal function recovered. DISCUSSION: The risk of ENTD rhabdomyolysis ENTDEND
0	ENTD rhabdomyolysis ENTDEND is increased in the presence of concomitant drugs that inhibit simvastatin metabolism. Simvastatin is metabolized by CYP3A4. Amiodarone and atazanavir are recognized CYP3A4 inhibitors. CONCLUSIONS: Pharmacokinetic differences in statins are an important consideration for assessing the risk of potential drug interactions. In patients requiring the concurrent use of statins and CYP3A4 inhibitors, pravastatin, fluvastatin, and ENTC rosuvastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperlipidemia ENTDEND presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTC atazanavir ENTCEND resulting in rhabdomyolysis and acute renal failure. BACKGROUND: A 72-year-old white man with underlying human immunodeficiency virus, atrial fibrillation, coronary artery disease, and ENTD hyperlipidemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperlipidemia ENTDEND presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg ENTC simvastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperlipidemia ENTDEND presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL blood urea nitrogen, 4.6 mg/dL creatinine, 1579 U/L ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperlipidemia ENTDEND presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL ENTC blood urea nitrogen ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperlipidemia ENTDEND presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL blood urea nitrogen, 4.6 mg/dL creatinine, 1579 U/L aspartate aminotransferase, and 738 U/L ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperlipidemia ENTDEND presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL blood urea nitrogen, 4.6 mg/dL ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperlipidemia ENTDEND presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L ENTC creatine ENTCEND
0	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND  and atazanavir resulting in rhabdomyolysis and acute renal failure. BACKGROUND: A 72-year-old white man with underlying human immunodeficiency virus, ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND
0	ENTC atazanavir ENTCEND resulting in rhabdomyolysis and acute renal failure. BACKGROUND: A 72-year-old white man with underlying human immunodeficiency virus, ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND
0	ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND  coronary artery disease, and hyperlipidemia presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg ENTC simvastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND  coronary artery disease, and hyperlipidemia presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL blood urea nitrogen, 4.6 mg/dL creatinine, 1579 U/L ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND  coronary artery disease, and hyperlipidemia presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL ENTC blood urea nitrogen ENTCEND
0	ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND  coronary artery disease, and hyperlipidemia presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL blood urea nitrogen, 4.6 mg/dL creatinine, 1579 U/L aspartate aminotransferase, and 738 U/L ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND  coronary artery disease, and hyperlipidemia presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL blood urea nitrogen, 4.6 mg/dL ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD atrial fibrillation ENTDEND  coronary artery disease, and hyperlipidemia presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L ENTC creatine ENTCEND
1	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND  secondary to concomitant use of simvastatin, ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
1	ENTC atazanavir ENTCEND resulting in rhabdomyolysis and ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND
1	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND  secondary to concomitant use of ENTC simvastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND  BACKGROUND: A 72-year-old white man with underlying human immunodeficiency virus, atrial fibrillation, coronary artery disease, and hyperlipidemia presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL blood urea nitrogen, 4.6 mg/dL creatinine, 1579 U/L ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND  BACKGROUND: A 72-year-old white man with underlying human immunodeficiency virus, atrial fibrillation, coronary artery disease, and hyperlipidemia presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL ENTC blood urea nitrogen ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND  BACKGROUND: A 72-year-old white man with underlying human immunodeficiency virus, atrial fibrillation, coronary artery disease, and hyperlipidemia presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL blood urea nitrogen, 4.6 mg/dL creatinine, 1579 U/L aspartate aminotransferase, and 738 U/L ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND  BACKGROUND: A 72-year-old white man with underlying human immunodeficiency virus, atrial fibrillation, coronary artery disease, and hyperlipidemia presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL blood urea nitrogen, 4.6 mg/dL ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute renal failure ENTDEND  BACKGROUND: A 72-year-old white man with underlying human immunodeficiency virus, atrial fibrillation, coronary artery disease, and hyperlipidemia presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L ENTC creatine ENTCEND
0	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND  and atazanavir resulting in rhabdomyolysis and acute renal failure. BACKGROUND: A 72-year-old white man with underlying human immunodeficiency virus, atrial fibrillation, ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC atazanavir ENTCEND resulting in rhabdomyolysis and acute renal failure. BACKGROUND: A 72-year-old white man with underlying human immunodeficiency virus, atrial fibrillation, ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND  and hyperlipidemia presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg ENTC simvastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND  and hyperlipidemia presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL blood urea nitrogen, 4.6 mg/dL creatinine, 1579 U/L ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND  and hyperlipidemia presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL ENTC blood urea nitrogen ENTCEND
0	ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND  and hyperlipidemia presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL blood urea nitrogen, 4.6 mg/dL creatinine, 1579 U/L aspartate aminotransferase, and 738 U/L ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND  and hyperlipidemia presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL blood urea nitrogen, 4.6 mg/dL ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND  and hyperlipidemia presented with generalized pain, fatigue, and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L ENTC creatine ENTCEND
0	ENTD fatigue ENTDEND  and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTD fatigue ENTDEND  and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg ENTC atazanavir ENTCEND
0	ENTD fatigue ENTDEND  and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg ENTC simvastatin ENTCEND
0	ENTD fatigue ENTDEND  and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL blood urea nitrogen, 4.6 mg/dL creatinine, 1579 U/L ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTD fatigue ENTDEND  and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL ENTC blood urea nitrogen ENTCEND
0	ENTD fatigue ENTDEND  and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL blood urea nitrogen, 4.6 mg/dL creatinine, 1579 U/L aspartate aminotransferase, and 738 U/L ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD fatigue ENTDEND  and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L creatine kinase, 93 mg/dL blood urea nitrogen, 4.6 mg/dL ENTC creatinine ENTCEND
0	ENTD fatigue ENTDEND  and dark orange urine for 3 days. The patient was taking 80 mg simvastatin at bedtime (initiated 27 days earlier); amiodarone at a dose of 400 mg daily for 7 days, then 200 mg daily (initiated 19 days earlier); and 400 mg atazanavir daily (initiated at least 2 years previously). Laboratory evaluation revealed 66,680 U/L ENTC creatine ENTCEND
1	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND  Three patients with severe neutropenia (6%) died of sepsis. The median age of those patients developing Grade 3-4 neutropenia was significantly higher than that of the remaining patients (75 years vs. 72 years; P = 0.047). CONCLUSIONS: The combination of ENTC GEM ENTCEND
1	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND  Three patients with severe neutropenia (6%) died of sepsis. The median age of those patients developing Grade 3-4 neutropenia was significantly higher than that of the remaining patients (75 years vs. 72 years; P = 0.047). CONCLUSIONS: The combination of GEM and ENTC VNB ENTCEND
0	ENTD sepsis ENTDEND  The median age of those patients developing Grade 3-4 neutropenia was significantly higher than that of the remaining patients (75 years vs. 72 years; P = 0.047). CONCLUSIONS: The combination of ENTC GEM ENTCEND
0	ENTD sepsis ENTDEND  The median age of those patients developing Grade 3-4 neutropenia was significantly higher than that of the remaining patients (75 years vs. 72 years; P = 0.047). CONCLUSIONS: The combination of GEM and ENTC VNB ENTCEND
1	ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND  and 2 patients (4%) had Grade 3 neurotoxicity. Three patients with severe neutropenia (6%) died of sepsis. The median age of those patients developing Grade 3-4 neutropenia was significantly higher than that of the remaining patients (75 years vs. 72 years; P = 0.047). CONCLUSIONS: The combination of ENTC GEM ENTCEND
1	ENTD thrombocytopenia ENTDEND  and 2 patients (4%) had Grade 3 neurotoxicity. Three patients with severe neutropenia (6%) died of sepsis. The median age of those patients developing Grade 3-4 neutropenia was significantly higher than that of the remaining patients (75 years vs. 72 years; P = 0.047). CONCLUSIONS: The combination of GEM and ENTC VNB ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of the combination of ENTC GEM ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  Treatment was comprised of ENTC VNB ENTCEND
0	ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND  All patients were evaluable for response and ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC Gemcitabine ENTCEND  plus vinorelbine in ENTD nonsmall cell lung carcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC vinorelbine ENTCEND  in ENTD nonsmall cell lung carcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTD NSCLC ENTDEND or those with some contraindication to receiving ENTC cisplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC GEM ENTCEND and VNB is moderately active and well tolerated except in patients age >/= 75 years. This age group had an increased risk of ENTD myelosuppression ENTDEND
0	ENTC VNB ENTCEND is moderately active and well tolerated except in patients age >/= 75 years. This age group had an increased risk of ENTD myelosuppression ENTDEND
1	ENTD neutropenia ENTDEND was significantly higher than that of the remaining patients (75 years vs. 72 years; P = 0.047). CONCLUSIONS: The combination of ENTC GEM ENTCEND
1	ENTD neutropenia ENTDEND was significantly higher than that of the remaining patients (75 years vs. 72 years; P = 0.047). CONCLUSIONS: The combination of GEM and ENTC VNB ENTCEND
0	ENTC MK-212 ENTCEND and (-)-baclofen in the management of clinical ENTD myoclonus ENTDEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND (0.3-3 mg/kg) in blocking the ENTD myoclonic jerks ENTDEND
0	ENTD myoclonic jerks ENTDEND  A 3 mg/kg (i.p.) dose induced this response in all of the mice tested and the peak response of 73 jerks per min was observed between 27 and 45 min. Increasing the brain ENTC serotonin ENTCEND
0	ENTD myoclonic jerks ENTDEND  While (-)- ENTC baclofen ENTCEND
0	ENTC 5-HTP ENTCEND and the benzodiazepines have been found to be beneficial in the management of clinical ENTD myoclonus ENTDEND
1	ENTD myoclonus ENTDEND  the ENTC muscimol ENTCEND
0	ENTC clonazepam ENTCEND (0.1-0.3 mg/kg) was found to be several fold more potent than diazepam (0.3-3 mg/kg) in blocking the ENTD myoclonic jerks ENTDEND
0	ENTC benzodiazepines ENTCEND  and baclofen block muscimol-induced ENTD myoclonic jerks ENTDEND
0	ENTC l-dopa ENTCEND (80-160 mg/kg) was without effect. In doses of 3-10 mg/kg, the serotonin receptor agonist MK-212 caused a dose-dependent blockade of the response of muscimol. Of the benzodiazepines, clonazepam (0.1-0.3 mg/kg) was found to be several fold more potent than diazepam (0.3-3 mg/kg) in blocking the ENTD myoclonic jerks ENTDEND
0	ENTD memory dissociation ENTDEND occurred in both groups. Differences in the parameters of training under the influence of ENTC pentobarbital ENTCEND
1	ENTD amnesia ENTDEND  caused by ENTC pentobarbital ENTCEND
0	ENTD type II diabetes mellitus ENTDEND developed an acute hepatitis-like syndrome soon after initiation of ENTC glyburide ENTCEND
0	ENTC sulfonylurea ENTCEND  only two brief reports of hepatotoxicity exist. Two patients with ENTD type II diabetes mellitus ENTDEND
1	ENTC Glyburide ENTCEND -induced ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC sulfonylurea ENTCEND  only two brief reports of ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC glyburide ENTCEND therapy. There was no serologic evidence of ENTD viral infection ENTDEND
0	ENTC sulfonylurea ENTCEND  only two brief reports of hepatotoxicity exist. Two patients with type II diabetes mellitus developed an acute hepatitis-like syndrome soon after initiation of glyburide therapy. There was no serologic evidence of ENTD viral infection ENTDEND
0	ENTC mesna ENTCEND for the prevention of IFS-induced ENTD HC ENTDEND
0	ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND did not prevent ENTD HC ENTDEND
1	ENTC IFS ENTCEND induced ENTD HC ENTDEND
0	ENTC mesna ENTCEND  ENTD Cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC dexamethasone ENTCEND plus mesna. ENTD Cystitis ENTDEND
1	ENTC IFS ENTCEND induced ENTD HC ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  the activity of (Na,K)-ATPase increased, due to higher affinity of the ENTC ATP ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  the activity of (Na, ENTC K ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND induced in rats by NO-synthase inhibition with 40 mg/kg/day ENTC N(G)-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester ENTCEND
1	ENTC NO ENTCEND deficient ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  the activity of ( ENTC Na ENTCEND
0	ENTC ATP ENTCEND  The K(Na) value for Na+ returned to control value. Inhibition of NO-synthase induced a reversible hypertension accompanied by ENTD depressed ENTDEND
0	ENTD depressed ENTDEND Na+-extrusion from cardiac cells as a consequence of deteriorated Na+-binding properties of the (Na, ENTC K ENTCEND
0	ENTC NO ENTCEND synthase induced a reversible hypertension accompanied by ENTD depressed ENTDEND
0	ENTD depressed ENTDEND ENTC Na ENTCEND
1	ENTC propofol ENTCEND infusion ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC remifentanil ENTCEND .BACKGROUND: ENTD Pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND : a minimally invasive treatment for ENTD priapism ENTDEND
1	ENTD priapism ENTDEND after ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND thresholds were determined using mechanical stimuli--the modification of the classic paw withdrawal test described by Randall-Selitto. RESULTS: The results of this paper confirm that inhibition of bradykinin receptors and inducible NO synthase but not neuronal NO synthase activity reduces diabetic hyperalgesia. Pretreatment with L-NOArg and L-NIL but not 7-NI, significantly increases antihyperalgesic activity both HOE 140 and des Arg10 HOE 140. It was also shown that both products of inducible NO synthase and neuronal NO synthase activation as well as bradykinin are involved in hyperalgesia produced by ENTC vincristine ENTCEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND thresholds were determined using mechanical stimuli--the modification of the classic paw withdrawal test described by Randall-Selitto. RESULTS: The results of this paper confirm that inhibition of bradykinin receptors and inducible ENTC NO ENTCEND
0	ENTC HOE 140 ENTCEND  70 nmol/kg ip) or des Arg10 HOE 140 (70 nmol/kg ip) respectively, in model of diabetic (streptozotocin-induced) and toxic (vincristine-induced) neuropathy was investigated. METHODS: The changes in ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC des Arg10 HOE 140 ENTCEND (70 nmol/kg ip) respectively, in model of diabetic (streptozotocin-induced) and toxic (vincristine-induced) neuropathy was investigated. METHODS: The changes in ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC streptozotocin ENTCEND  induced hyperalgesia in chemotherapy and diabetic neuropathy rat model.PURPOSE: The influence of an irreversible inhibitor of constitutive NO synthase (L-NOArg; 1.0 mg/kg ip), a relatively selective inhibitor of inducible NO synthase (L-NIL; 1.0 mg/kg ip) and a relatively specific inhibitor of neuronal NO synthase (7-NI; 0.1 mg/kg ip), on antihyperalgesic action of selective antagonists of B2 and B1 receptors: D-Arg-[Hyp3,Thi5,D-Tic7,Oic8] bradykinin (HOE 140; 70 nmol/kg ip) or des Arg10 HOE 140 (70 nmol/kg ip) respectively, in model of diabetic (streptozotocin-induced) and toxic (vincristine-induced) neuropathy was investigated. METHODS: The changes in ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD pain ENTDEND thresholds were determined using mechanical stimuli--the modification of the classic paw withdrawal test described by Randall-Selitto. RESULTS: The results of this paper confirm that inhibition of ENTC bradykinin ENTCEND
1	ENTC vincristine ENTCEND  Moreover, L-NOArg and 7-NI but not L-NIL intensify antihyperalgesic activity of HOE 140 or des-Arg10HOE 140 in ENTD toxic neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD diabetic and toxic neuropathy ENTDEND  In streptozotocin-induced hyperalgesia, inducible ENTC NO ENTCEND
0	ENTC HOE 140 ENTCEND or des-Arg10HOE 140 in ENTD toxic neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC des-Arg10HOE 140 ENTCEND in ENTD toxic neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD diabetic and toxic neuropathy ENTDEND  In ENTC streptozotocin ENTCEND
0	ENTD diabetic and toxic neuropathy ENTDEND  In streptozotocin-induced hyperalgesia, inducible NO synthase participates in pronociceptive activity of ENTC bradykinin ENTCEND
0	ENTC vincristine ENTCEND  and streptozotocin induced hyperalgesia in chemotherapy and ENTD diabetic neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD diabetic and toxic neuropathy ENTDEND  In streptozotocin-induced hyperalgesia, inducible ENTC NO ENTCEND
0	ENTC HOE 140 ENTCEND  70 nmol/kg ip) or des Arg10 HOE 140 (70 nmol/kg ip) respectively, in model of ENTD diabetic (streptozotocin-induced) and toxic (vincristine-induced) neuropathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC des Arg10 HOE 140 ENTCEND (70 nmol/kg ip) respectively, in model of ENTD diabetic (streptozotocin-induced) and toxic (vincristine-induced) neuropathy ENTDEND
1	ENTD diabetic and toxic neuropathy ENTDEND  In ENTC streptozotocin ENTCEND
0	ENTD diabetic and toxic neuropathy ENTDEND  In streptozotocin-induced hyperalgesia, inducible NO synthase participates in pronociceptive activity of ENTC bradykinin ENTCEND
1	ENTC vincristine ENTCEND induced ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND  inducible ENTC NO ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND produced by vincristine. Moreover, L-NOArg and 7-NI but not L-NIL intensify antihyperalgesic activity of ENTC HOE 140 ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND produced by vincristine. Moreover, L-NOArg and 7-NI but not L-NIL intensify antihyperalgesic activity of HOE 140 or ENTC des-Arg10HOE 140 ENTCEND
1	ENTC streptozotocin ENTCEND  induced ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND ENTC bradykinin ENTCEND
0	ENTC vincristine ENTCEND induced hyperalgesia bradykinin seemed to activate neuronal NO synthase pathway. Therefore, concomitant administration of small doses of bradykinin receptor antagonists and NO synthase inhibitors can be effective in alleviation of ENTD neuropathic pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC NO ENTCEND synthase inhibitors can be effective in alleviation of ENTD neuropathic pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC HOE 140 ENTCEND or des-Arg10HOE 140 in toxic neuropathy. CONCLUSIONS: Results of these studies suggest that B1 and B2 receptors are engaged in transmission of nociceptive stimuli in both diabetic and toxic neuropathy. In streptozotocin-induced hyperalgesia, inducible NO synthase participates in pronociceptive activity of bradykinin, whereas in vincristine-induced hyperalgesia bradykinin seemed to activate neuronal NO synthase pathway. Therefore, concomitant administration of small doses of bradykinin receptor antagonists and NO synthase inhibitors can be effective in alleviation of ENTD neuropathic pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC des-Arg10HOE 140 ENTCEND in toxic neuropathy. CONCLUSIONS: Results of these studies suggest that B1 and B2 receptors are engaged in transmission of nociceptive stimuli in both diabetic and toxic neuropathy. In streptozotocin-induced hyperalgesia, inducible NO synthase participates in pronociceptive activity of bradykinin, whereas in vincristine-induced hyperalgesia bradykinin seemed to activate neuronal NO synthase pathway. Therefore, concomitant administration of small doses of bradykinin receptor antagonists and NO synthase inhibitors can be effective in alleviation of ENTD neuropathic pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC streptozotocin ENTCEND induced hyperalgesia, inducible NO synthase participates in pronociceptive activity of bradykinin, whereas in vincristine-induced hyperalgesia bradykinin seemed to activate neuronal NO synthase pathway. Therefore, concomitant administration of small doses of bradykinin receptor antagonists and NO synthase inhibitors can be effective in alleviation of ENTD neuropathic pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC bradykinin ENTCEND receptor antagonists and NO synthase inhibitors can be effective in alleviation of ENTD neuropathic pain ENTDEND
1	ENTC vincristine ENTCEND  Clinically, the onset was characterized by the signs of ENTD opistothonus, sensory and motor dysfunction ENTDEND
1	ENTD degeneration of myelin and axons ENTDEND as well as pseudocystic transformation in areas exposed to ENTC vincristine ENTCEND
0	ENTC vincristine ENTCEND instillation in a 5-year old girl with recurrent ENTD acute lymphoblastic leucemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD myeloencephalopathy ENTDEND  due to accidental intrathecal ENTC vincristin ENTCEND
1	ENTD degeneration of myelin and axons ENTDEND as well as pseudocystic transformation in areas exposed to ENTC vincristine ENTCEND
0	ENTC vincristine ENTCEND  Clinically, the onset was characterized by the signs of opistothonus, sensory and motor dysfunction and ascending ENTD paralysis ENTDEND
0	ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND  CLINICAL FEATURES: A 50-year-old woman with ENTD low back and right leg pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD low back and right leg pain ENTDEND was scheduled for epidural ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTD low back and right leg pain ENTDEND was scheduled for epidural steroid injection. INTERVENTION AND OUTCOME: An 18-gauge Touhy needle was inserted until loss of resistance occurred at the L4-5 level. Spread of the contrast medium within the epidural space was determined by radiographic imaging. After verifying the epidural space, bupivacaine and ENTC triamcinolone diacetate ENTCEND
0	ENTC triamcinolone ENTCEND and bupivacaine. CLINICAL FEATURES: A 50-year-old woman with ENTD low back and right leg pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD radiculopathy ENTDEND are physical therapy, epidural steroid injections, oral medications, and spinal manipulative therapy. Cauda equina syndrome is a rare complication of epidural anesthesia. The following case is a report of cauda equina syndrome possibly caused by epidural injection of triamcinolone and ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD radiculopathy ENTDEND are physical therapy, epidural ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTD radiculopathy ENTDEND are physical therapy, epidural steroid injections, oral medications, and spinal manipulative therapy. Cauda equina syndrome is a rare complication of epidural anesthesia. The following case is a report of cauda equina syndrome possibly caused by epidural injection of ENTC triamcinolone ENTCEND
1	ENTD cauda equina syndrome ENTDEND possibly caused by epidural injection of triamcinolone and ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Cauda equina syndrome ENTDEND  after epidural ENTC steroid ENTCEND
1	ENTD cauda equina syndrome ENTDEND possibly caused by epidural injection of triamcinolone and bupivacaine. CLINICAL FEATURES: A 50-year-old woman with low back and right leg pain was scheduled for epidural steroid injection. INTERVENTION AND OUTCOME: An 18-gauge Touhy needle was inserted until loss of resistance occurred at the L4-5 level. Spread of the contrast medium within the epidural space was determined by radiographic imaging. After verifying the epidural space, bupivacaine and ENTC triamcinolone diacetate ENTCEND
0	ENTD cauda equina syndrome ENTDEND possibly caused by epidural injection of ENTC triamcinolone ENTCEND
0	ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND and triamcinolone diacetate were injected. After the injection, there was a reduction in radicular symptoms. Three hours later, she complained of perineal ENTD numbness ENTDEND
0	ENTC steroid ENTCEND injection. INTERVENTION AND OUTCOME: An 18-gauge Touhy needle was inserted until loss of resistance occurred at the L4-5 level. Spread of the contrast medium within the epidural space was determined by radiographic imaging. After verifying the epidural space, bupivacaine and triamcinolone diacetate were injected. After the injection, there was a reduction in radicular symptoms. Three hours later, she complained of perineal ENTD numbness ENTDEND
0	ENTC triamcinolone diacetate ENTCEND were injected. After the injection, there was a reduction in radicular symptoms. Three hours later, she complained of perineal ENTD numbness ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurologic deterioration ENTDEND after epidural ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND and triamcinolone diacetate were injected. After the injection, there was a reduction in radicular symptoms. Three hours later, she complained of perineal numbness and ENTD lower extremity weakness ENTDEND
0	ENTC steroid ENTCEND injection. INTERVENTION AND OUTCOME: An 18-gauge Touhy needle was inserted until loss of resistance occurred at the L4-5 level. Spread of the contrast medium within the epidural space was determined by radiographic imaging. After verifying the epidural space, bupivacaine and triamcinolone diacetate were injected. After the injection, there was a reduction in radicular symptoms. Three hours later, she complained of perineal numbness and ENTD lower extremity weakness ENTDEND
0	ENTC triamcinolone diacetate ENTCEND were injected. After the injection, there was a reduction in radicular symptoms. Three hours later, she complained of perineal numbness and ENTD lower extremity weakness ENTDEND
0	ENTC bupivacaine ENTCEND  CLINICAL FEATURES: A 50-year-old woman with ENTD low back and right leg pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD low back and right leg pain ENTDEND was scheduled for epidural ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTD low back and right leg pain ENTDEND was scheduled for epidural steroid injection. INTERVENTION AND OUTCOME: An 18-gauge Touhy needle was inserted until loss of resistance occurred at the L4-5 level. Spread of the contrast medium within the epidural space was determined by radiographic imaging. After verifying the epidural space, bupivacaine and ENTC triamcinolone diacetate ENTCEND
0	ENTC triamcinolone ENTCEND and bupivacaine. CLINICAL FEATURES: A 50-year-old woman with ENTD low back and right leg pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND  Additional therapy with chloroquine (CQ) was started because of arthralgia. At the same time, slightly increased creatine kinase (CK) levels were noted. ENTD Myositis ENTDEND
0	ENTC CQ ENTCEND  was started because of arthralgia. At the same time, slightly increased creatine kinase (CK) levels were noted. ENTD Myositis ENTDEND
0	ENTD Myositis ENTDEND was suspected, and the patient was treated with ENTC steroids ENTCEND
0	ENTC azathioprine ENTCEND and cyclophosphamide. Additional therapy with chloroquine (CQ) was started because of arthralgia. At the same time, slightly increased creatine kinase (CK) levels were noted. ENTD Myositis ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND kinase (CK) levels were noted. ENTD Myositis ENTDEND
0	ENTD SLE ENTDEND  with renal involvement and undergone periods of treatment with azathioprine and ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND induced myopathy. Since 1989, she had been suffering from ENTD systemic lupus erythematosus ENTDEND
0	ENTD SLE ENTDEND  with renal involvement and undergone periods of treatment with azathioprine and cyclophosphamide. Additional therapy with chloroquine (CQ) was started because of arthralgia. At the same time, slightly increased creatine kinase (CK) levels were noted. Myositis was suspected, and the patient was treated with ENTC steroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD SLE ENTDEND  with renal involvement and undergone periods of treatment with ENTC azathioprine ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND  kinase levels in ENTD systemic lupus erythematosus ENTDEND
0	ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND induced myopathy, medication was stopped. Discriminating between primary SLE-induced ENTD affection of the musculoskeletal system ENTDEND
0	ENTD polymyositis ENTDEND or toxic myopathy. As it revealed ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND
0	ENTC steroids ENTCEND  The CK increase persisted, however, and she developed progressive muscular weakness and muscular atrophy. Routine controls revealed markedly elevated CK levels of 1,700 U/l. The neurological and electrophysiological findings were not typical of myositis. Thus, muscle biopsy of the deltoid muscle was performed in order to exclude ENTD polymyositis ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND kinase (CK) levels were noted. Myositis was suspected, and the patient was treated with steroids. The CK increase persisted, however, and she developed progressive muscular weakness and muscular atrophy. Routine controls revealed markedly elevated CK levels of 1,700 U/l. The neurological and electrophysiological findings were not typical of myositis. Thus, muscle biopsy of the deltoid muscle was performed in order to exclude ENTD polymyositis ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND  Additional therapy with chloroquine (CQ) was started because of arthralgia. At the same time, slightly increased creatine kinase (CK) levels were noted. Myositis was suspected, and the patient was treated with steroids. The CK increase persisted, however, and she developed progressive ENTD muscular weakness ENTDEND
1	ENTC CQ ENTCEND  was started because of arthralgia. At the same time, slightly increased creatine kinase (CK) levels were noted. Myositis was suspected, and the patient was treated with steroids. The CK increase persisted, however, and she developed progressive ENTD muscular weakness ENTDEND
0	ENTC steroids ENTCEND  The CK increase persisted, however, and she developed progressive ENTD muscular weakness ENTDEND
0	ENTC azathioprine ENTCEND and cyclophosphamide. Additional therapy with chloroquine (CQ) was started because of arthralgia. At the same time, slightly increased creatine kinase (CK) levels were noted. Myositis was suspected, and the patient was treated with steroids. The CK increase persisted, however, and she developed progressive ENTD muscular weakness ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND kinase (CK) levels were noted. Myositis was suspected, and the patient was treated with steroids. The CK increase persisted, however, and she developed progressive ENTD muscular weakness ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal involvement ENTDEND and undergone periods of treatment with azathioprine and ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND induced myopathy. Since 1989, she had been suffering from systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) with ENTD renal involvement ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal involvement ENTDEND and undergone periods of treatment with azathioprine and cyclophosphamide. Additional therapy with chloroquine (CQ) was started because of arthralgia. At the same time, slightly increased creatine kinase (CK) levels were noted. Myositis was suspected, and the patient was treated with ENTC steroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal involvement ENTDEND and undergone periods of treatment with ENTC azathioprine ENTCEND
0	ENTD renal involvement ENTDEND and undergone periods of treatment with azathioprine and cyclophosphamide. Additional therapy with chloroquine (CQ) was started because of arthralgia. At the same time, slightly increased ENTC creatine ENTCEND
0	ENTD myopathy ENTDEND  Since 1989, she had been suffering from systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) with renal involvement and undergone periods of treatment with azathioprine and ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND
0	ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND induced ENTD myopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC steroids ENTCEND  The CK increase persisted, however, and she developed progressive muscular weakness and muscular atrophy. Routine controls revealed markedly elevated CK levels of 1,700 U/l. The neurological and electrophysiological findings were not typical of myositis. Thus, muscle biopsy of the deltoid muscle was performed in order to exclude polymyositis or toxic ENTD myopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD myopathy ENTDEND  Since 1989, she had been suffering from systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) with renal involvement and undergone periods of treatment with ENTC azathioprine ENTCEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND  kinase levels in systemic lupus erythematosus.We report the clinical and bioptic findings for a 57-year-old woman with severe chloroquine-induced ENTD myopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND  Additional therapy with chloroquine (CQ) was started because of arthralgia. At the same time, slightly increased creatine kinase (CK) levels were noted. Myositis was suspected, and the patient was treated with steroids. The CK increase persisted, however, and she developed progressive muscular weakness and ENTD muscular atrophy ENTDEND
1	ENTC CQ ENTCEND  was started because of arthralgia. At the same time, slightly increased creatine kinase (CK) levels were noted. Myositis was suspected, and the patient was treated with steroids. The CK increase persisted, however, and she developed progressive muscular weakness and ENTD muscular atrophy ENTDEND
0	ENTC steroids ENTCEND  The CK increase persisted, however, and she developed progressive muscular weakness and ENTD muscular atrophy ENTDEND
0	ENTC azathioprine ENTCEND and cyclophosphamide. Additional therapy with chloroquine (CQ) was started because of arthralgia. At the same time, slightly increased creatine kinase (CK) levels were noted. Myositis was suspected, and the patient was treated with steroids. The CK increase persisted, however, and she developed progressive muscular weakness and ENTD muscular atrophy ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND kinase (CK) levels were noted. Myositis was suspected, and the patient was treated with steroids. The CK increase persisted, however, and she developed progressive muscular weakness and ENTD muscular atrophy ENTDEND
0	ENTC cyclophosphamide ENTCEND  Additional therapy with chloroquine (CQ) was started because of ENTD arthralgia ENTDEND
0	ENTC CQ ENTCEND  was started because of ENTD arthralgia ENTDEND
0	ENTD arthralgia ENTDEND  At the same time, slightly increased creatine kinase (CK) levels were noted. Myositis was suspected, and the patient was treated with ENTC steroids ENTCEND
0	ENTC azathioprine ENTCEND and cyclophosphamide. Additional therapy with chloroquine (CQ) was started because of ENTD arthralgia ENTDEND
0	ENTD arthralgia ENTDEND  At the same time, slightly increased ENTC creatine ENTCEND
1	ENTD Learning and memory deficits ENTDEND  in ENTC ecstasy ENTCEND
0	ENTC cannabis ENTCEND users (Nestor, L., Roberts, G., Garavan, H., Hester, R., 2008. ENTD Deficits in learning and memory ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurotoxic ENTDEND effects of ENTC ecstasy ENTCEND
0	ENTC cannabis ENTCEND use. These ecstasy-specific effects may be related to the vulnerability of isocortical and allocortical regions to the ENTD neurotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTC ecstasy ENTCEND specific ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND and frontocortical hypoactivity in ENTC cannabis ENTCEND
1	ENTD Learning and memory deficits ENTDEND  in ENTC ecstasy ENTCEND
0	ENTC cannabis ENTCEND users (Nestor, L., Roberts, G., Garavan, H., Hester, R., 2008. ENTD Deficits in learning and memory ENTDEND
0	ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND induced ENTD liver injury ENTDEND
0	ENTC Paracetamol ENTCEND induced acute liver failure did not affect long-term mortality. Clinical follow-up may be justified by the cause of the ENTD liver failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD substance abuse ENTDEND among survivors of acute liver failure. CONCLUSIONS: ENTC Paracetamol ENTCEND
1	ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND -induced ENTD acute liver failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC paracetamol ENTCEND induced liver injury had caused an acute liver failure (adjusted mortality rate ratio = 1.70, 95% CI 1.02-2.85), but the association was age-dependent, and no survivors of acute liver failure died of ENTD liver disease ENTDEND
1	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND given ENTC DNR ENTCEND
0	ENTD heart failure ENTDEND  These preliminary results suggest that BNP may be useful as an early and sensitive indicator of ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND in patients with acute leukemia treated with a ENTC daunorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND . ENTC Anthracyclines ENTCEND
0	ENTD acute leukemia ENTDEND treated with a ENTC daunorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND induced cardiotoxicity in patients with ENTD acute leukemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND  We measured the plasma level of brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) to determine whether BNP might serve as a simple diagnostic indicator of anthracycline-induced cardiotoxicity in patients with acute leukemia treated with a ENTC daunorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND therapy highlights a need to search for methods that are highly sensitive and capable of predicting ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC trihexyphenidyl ENTCEND on measures reflecting sedation and ENTD confusion ENTDEND
1	ENTD mental slowing ENTDEND after ENTC trihexyphenidyl ENTCEND
0	ENTD mitochondrial injury ENTDEND in the onset of these lesions. METHODS: Rats were treated with intravenous ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD mitochondrial injury ENTDEND in the onset of these lesions. METHODS: Rats were treated with intravenous doxorubicin (1 mg kg(-1) week(-1)) for 7 weeks and were sacrificed either 1 week ('short-term') or 30 weeks ('long-term') following the last dose. Additional rats received a single dose either 6 days or 2 h prior to euthanasia. All rats were killed at 48 weeks of age. Glomerular and tubular injury was monitored and correlated to the activity or expression of respiratory chain components. Finally, we quantified both nuclear and mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) as well as ENTC superoxide ENTCEND
1	ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND ENTD nephrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND induced ENTD renal lesions ENTDEND
0	ENTC superoxide ENTCEND in doxorubicin-induced ENTD renal lesions ENTDEND
0	ENTD glomerular and tubular lesions ENTDEND  depressed activities of mtDNA-encoded NADH dehydrogenase and cytochrome-c oxidase (COX) and increased ENTC citrate ENTCEND
0	ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND  and in one case spontaneously. These observations suggest that statins may initiate an immune-mediated ENTD myopathy ENTDEND
1	ENTC statins ENTCEND may induce a ENTD myopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC prednisolone ENTCEND and methotrexate, and in one case spontaneously. These observations suggest that statins may initiate an immune-mediated ENTD myopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD necrotic ENTDEND fibres. Progressive improvement occurred in 7 cases after commencement of prednisolone and ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
1	ENTC statins ENTCEND may induce a myopathy, which persists or may progress after stopping the drug. We investigated the muscle pathology in 8 such cases. All had myofibre ENTD necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD necrotic ENTDEND fibres. Progressive improvement occurred in 7 cases after commencement of ENTC prednisolone ENTCEND
1	ENTD retinal vein occlusion ENTDEND  associated with ENTC clomiphene ENTCEND
1	ENTD visual disturbance ENTDEND after ENTC CC ENTCEND
0	ENTD thromboembolic ENTDEND complications of ENTC CC ENTCEND
0	ENTD infertility ENTDEND patients with ENTC CC ENTCEND
0	ENTD tumor ENTDEND growth factor-beta1 (TGF-beta1). Rats were administered ENTC fenoldopam ENTCEND
0	ENTC nitric oxide ENTCEND  (iNOS), basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF) and ENTD tumor ENTDEND
0	ENTD tumor ENTDEND  growth factor-beta1 (TGF-beta1) in arteritis induced in rats by fenoldopam and ENTC theophylline ENTCEND
1	ENTD arteritis ENTDEND  induced in rats by ENTC fenoldopam ENTCEND
0	ENTC nitric oxide ENTCEND  (iNOS), basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF) and tumor growth factor-beta1 (TGF-beta1) in ENTD arteritis ENTDEND
1	ENTC theophylline ENTCEND , vasodilators. ENTD Arteritis ENTDEND
0	ENTD respiratory arrest ENTDEND after the infusion of intravenous ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium chloride ENTCEND .We describe a patient who developed tetany with sudden ENTD respiratory arrest ENTDEND
1	ENTC diltiazem ENTCEND -induced ENTD tetany ENTDEND
0	ENTD tetany ENTDEND  with ENTC calcium chloride ENTCEND
0	ENTD dopaminergic terminal damage ENTDEND  In this study, we examined the roles of lipopolysaccharide, a pro-inflammatory and inflammatory factor, treatment in modulating the methamphetamine-induced nigrostriatal ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD dopaminergic terminal damage ENTDEND  In this study, we examined the roles of lipopolysaccharide, a pro-inflammatory and inflammatory factor, treatment in modulating the methamphetamine-induced nigrostriatal dopamine neurotoxicity. Lipopolysaccharide pretreatment did not affect the basal body temperature or methamphetamine-elicited hyperthermia three days later. Such systemic lipopolysaccharide treatment mitigated methamphetamine-induced striatal dopamine and ENTC 3,4-dihydroxyphenylacetic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD dopaminergic terminal damage ENTDEND  In this study, we examined the roles of ENTC lipopolysaccharide ENTCEND
0	ENTC methamphetamine ENTCEND induced ENTD dopaminergic terminal damage ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND three days later. Such systemic lipopolysaccharide treatment mitigated methamphetamine-induced striatal ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND three days later. Such systemic lipopolysaccharide treatment mitigated methamphetamine-induced striatal dopamine and ENTC 3,4-dihydroxyphenylacetic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND three days later. Such systemic ENTC lipopolysaccharide ENTCEND
1	ENTC methamphetamine ENTCEND elicited ENTD hyperthermia ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND  Lipopolysaccharide pretreatment did not affect the basal body temperature or methamphetamine-elicited hyperthermia three days later. Such systemic lipopolysaccharide treatment mitigated methamphetamine-induced striatal dopamine and ENTC 3,4-dihydroxyphenylacetic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND  ENTC Lipopolysaccharide ENTCEND
0	ENTC methamphetamine ENTCEND induced nigrostriatal dopamine ENTD neurotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC tenofovir ENTCEND may raise the risk of ENTD renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTC vancomycin ENTCEND  course for osteomyelitis. ENTD Renal failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD Renal failure ENTDEND developed after a prolonged course of vancomycin therapy in 2 patients who were receiving ENTC tenofovir disoproxil fumarate ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxic ENTDEND agent. Clinicians should be aware that ENTC tenofovir ENTCEND
0	ENTC Vancomycin ENTCEND ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTC tenofovir disoproxil fumarate ENTCEND as part of an antiretroviral regimen. Tenofovir has been implicated in the development of Fanconi syndrome and renal insufficiency because of its effects on the proximal renal tubule. Vancomycin ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD Acute renal failure ENTDEND  in patients with AIDS on ENTC tenofovir ENTCEND
1	ENTD Acute renal failure ENTDEND  in patients with AIDS on tenofovir while receiving prolonged ENTC vancomycin ENTCEND
1	ENTD Acute renal failure ENTDEND  in patients with AIDS on tenofovir while receiving prolonged vancomycin course for osteomyelitis.Renal failure developed after a prolonged course of vancomycin therapy in 2 patients who were receiving ENTC tenofovir disoproxil fumarate ENTCEND
0	ENTC Tenofovir ENTCEND has been implicated in the development of ENTD Fanconi syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTD Fanconi syndrome ENTDEND and renal insufficiency because of its effects on the proximal renal tubule. ENTC Vancomycin ENTCEND
0	ENTC tenofovir disoproxil fumarate ENTCEND as part of an antiretroviral regimen. Tenofovir has been implicated in the development of ENTD Fanconi syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC tenofovir ENTCEND  while receiving prolonged vancomycin course for ENTD osteomyelitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC vancomycin ENTCEND  course for ENTD osteomyelitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD osteomyelitis ENTDEND .Renal failure developed after a prolonged course of vancomycin therapy in 2 patients who were receiving ENTC tenofovir disoproxil fumarate ENTCEND
0	ENTD AIDS ENTDEND  on ENTC tenofovir ENTCEND
0	ENTD AIDS ENTDEND  on tenofovir while receiving prolonged ENTC vancomycin ENTCEND
0	ENTD AIDS ENTDEND  on tenofovir while receiving prolonged vancomycin course for osteomyelitis.Renal failure developed after a prolonged course of vancomycin therapy in 2 patients who were receiving ENTC tenofovir disoproxil fumarate ENTCEND
0	ENTD haemopericardium ENTDEND  and gastrointestinal haemorrhage due to possible interaction of cranberry juice with warfarin.We report a case of fatal internal haemorrhage in an elderly man who consumed only cranberry juice for two weeks while maintaining his usual dosage of warfarin. We propose that naturally occurring compounds such as ENTC flavonoids ENTCEND
0	ENTD haemopericardium ENTDEND  and gastrointestinal haemorrhage due to possible interaction of cranberry juice with ENTC warfarin ENTCEND
0	ENTD haemorrhage ENTDEND in an elderly man who consumed only cranberry juice for two weeks while maintaining his usual dosage of warfarin. We propose that naturally occurring compounds such as ENTC flavonoids ENTCEND
0	ENTC warfarin ENTCEND .We report a case of fatal internal ENTD haemorrhage ENTDEND
1	ENTD gastrointestinal haemorrhage ENTDEND  due to possible interaction of cranberry juice with warfarin.We report a case of fatal internal haemorrhage in an elderly man who consumed only cranberry juice for two weeks while maintaining his usual dosage of warfarin. We propose that naturally occurring compounds such as ENTC flavonoids ENTCEND
1	ENTD gastrointestinal haemorrhage ENTDEND  due to possible interaction of cranberry juice with ENTC warfarin ENTCEND
1	ENTD muscular rigidity ENTDEND  produced by ENTC morphine ENTCEND
1	ENTC Haloperidol ENTCEND enhanced the ENTD rigidity ENTDEND
1	ENTC morphine ENTCEND that was not significantly less than in the controls and were akinetic (A group). The other rats showed a strong decrease in the rigidity and the occurrence of stereotyped (S) licking and/or gnawing in presence of akinetic or ENTD hyperkinetic ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperkinetic ENTDEND (K) behaviour (AS/KS group), suggesting signs of dopaminergic activation. The rigidity was considerably decreased in both groups after 20 days' treatment. In a further series of experiments, ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND
1	ENTC morphine ENTCEND that was not significantly less than in the controls and were ENTD akinetic ENTDEND
0	ENTD akinetic ENTDEND or hyperkinetic (K) behaviour (AS/KS group), suggesting signs of dopaminergic activation. The rigidity was considerably decreased in both groups after 20 days' treatment. In a further series of experiments, ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND
0	ENTC lamivudine ENTCEND significantly decreases the incidence of HBV reactivation and overall morbidity in ENTD cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTD cancer ENTDEND patients during and after immunosuppressive therapy. Further studies are needed to determine the most appropriate ENTC nucleoside ENTCEND
0	ENTC HBSAG ENTCEND ) seropositive ENTD cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTD cancer ENTDEND patients during and after immunosuppressive therapy. Further studies are needed to determine the most appropriate nucleoside or ENTC nucleotide ENTCEND
0	ENTC alanine ENTCEND aminotransferase (ALT) values in the control group than the prophylactic lamivudine group; 154:64 (p < 0.32). Our study suggests that prophylactic lamivudine significantly decreases the incidence of HBV reactivation and overall morbidity in ENTD cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTD hematological malignancies ENTDEND with chronic HBV infection received the antiviral agent ENTC lamivudine ENTCEND
0	ENTC HBSAG ENTCEND ) seropositive cancer patients undergoing cytotoxic chemotherapy.Hepatitis B virus (HBV) is one of the major causes of chronic liver disease worldwide. Cancer patients who are chronic carriers of HBV have a higher hepatic complication rate while receiving cytotoxic chemotherapy (CT) and this has mainly been attributed to HBV reactivation. In this study, cancer patients who have solid and ENTD hematological malignancies ENTDEND
0	ENTC lamivudine ENTCEND group severe ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND were observed only in 1 patient (2.7%) of 37 patients (p < 0.006). Comparison of the mean ALT values revealed significantly higher mean alanine aminotransferase (ALT) values in the control group than the prophylactic lamivudine group; 154:64 (p < 0.32). Our study suggests that prophylactic lamivudine significantly decreases the incidence of HBV reactivation and overall morbidity in cancer patients during and after immunosuppressive therapy. Further studies are needed to determine the most appropriate ENTC nucleoside ENTCEND
0	ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND were observed only in 1 patient (2.7%) of 37 patients (p < 0.006). Comparison of the mean ALT values revealed significantly higher mean alanine aminotransferase (ALT) values in the control group than the prophylactic lamivudine group; 154:64 (p < 0.32). Our study suggests that prophylactic lamivudine significantly decreases the incidence of HBV reactivation and overall morbidity in cancer patients during and after immunosuppressive therapy. Further studies are needed to determine the most appropriate nucleoside or ENTC nucleotide ENTCEND
0	ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND were observed only in 1 patient (2.7%) of 37 patients (p < 0.006). Comparison of the mean ALT values revealed significantly higher mean ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Lamivudine ENTCEND  for the prevention of ENTD hepatitis B ENTDEND
1	ENTD hepatitis B ENTDEND  virus reactivation in ENTC hepatitis-B surface antigen ENTCEND
0	ENTC Lamivudine ENTCEND  for the prevention of hepatitis B virus reactivation in hepatitis-B surface antigen (HBSAG) seropositive cancer patients undergoing cytotoxic chemotherapy.Hepatitis B virus (HBV) is one of the major causes of chronic ENTD liver disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC HBSAG ENTCEND ) seropositive cancer patients undergoing cytotoxic chemotherapy.Hepatitis B virus (HBV) is one of the major causes of chronic ENTD liver disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD anxiety ENTDEND and depression than ENTC ethopropazine ENTCEND
0	ENTC procyclindine ENTCEND treatment, and significantly more ENTD anxiety ENTDEND
1	ENTD anxiety ENTDEND and depression than ethopropazine treated patients. This suggests that ENTC benztropine ENTCEND
0	ENTC fluphenazine enanthate ENTCEND in 60 schizophrenic outpatients. Ethopropazine and benztropine were found to be equally effective in controlling parkinsonian symptoms and were as efficacious as procyclidine, their previous antiparkinsonian drug. However, benztropine treated patients had a significant increase in tardive dyskinesia compared to their condition during procyclindine treatment, and significantly more ENTD anxiety ENTDEND
0	ENTD tardive dyskinesia ENTDEND compared to their condition during procyclindine treatment, and significantly more anxiety and depression than ENTC ethopropazine ENTCEND
0	ENTD tardive dyskinesia ENTDEND compared to their condition during ENTC procyclindine ENTCEND
1	ENTC benztropine ENTCEND treated patients had a significant increase in ENTD tardive dyskinesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC fluphenazine enanthate ENTCEND in 60 schizophrenic outpatients. Ethopropazine and benztropine were found to be equally effective in controlling parkinsonian symptoms and were as efficacious as procyclidine, their previous antiparkinsonian drug. However, benztropine treated patients had a significant increase in ENTD tardive dyskinesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD parkinsonism ENTDEND .In a 12-week controlled study ENTC ethopropazine ENTCEND
0	ENTD parkinsonian symptoms ENTDEND and were as efficacious as ENTC procyclidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC benztropine ENTCEND in the treatment of ENTD parkinsonism ENTDEND
1	ENTD parkinsonism ENTDEND induced by ENTC fluphenazine enanthate ENTCEND
0	ENTD depression ENTDEND than ENTC ethopropazine ENTCEND
0	ENTC procyclindine ENTCEND treatment, and significantly more anxiety and ENTD depression ENTDEND
1	ENTD depression ENTDEND than ethopropazine treated patients. This suggests that ENTC benztropine ENTCEND
0	ENTC fluphenazine enanthate ENTCEND in 60 schizophrenic outpatients. Ethopropazine and benztropine were found to be equally effective in controlling parkinsonian symptoms and were as efficacious as procyclidine, their previous antiparkinsonian drug. However, benztropine treated patients had a significant increase in tardive dyskinesia compared to their condition during procyclindine treatment, and significantly more anxiety and ENTD depression ENTDEND
0	ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND outpatients. ENTC Ethopropazine ENTCEND
0	ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND outpatients. Ethopropazine and benztropine were found to be equally effective in controlling parkinsonian symptoms and were as efficacious as ENTC procyclidine ENTCEND
0	ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND outpatients. Ethopropazine and ENTC benztropine ENTCEND
0	ENTC fluphenazine enanthate ENTCEND in 60 ENTD schizophrenic ENTDEND
0	ENTC Asenapine ENTCEND is approved by the Food and Drugs Administration in adults for acute treatment of schizophrenia or of ENTD manic ENTDEND
0	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND -controlled trial in patients with acute exacerbation of schizophrenia.Asenapine is approved by the Food and Drugs Administration in adults for acute treatment of schizophrenia or of ENTD manic ENTDEND
0	ENTD psychotic ENTDEND features. In a double-blind 6-week trial, 458 patients with acute schizophrenia were randomly assigned to fixed-dose treatment with ENTC asenapine ENTCEND
0	ENTD psychotic ENTDEND features. In a double-blind 6-week trial, 458 patients with acute schizophrenia were randomly assigned to fixed-dose treatment with asenapine at 5 mg twice daily (BID), asenapine at 10 mg BID, placebo, or ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND
1	ENTD Extrapyramidal symptoms ENTDEND reported as AEs occurred in 15% and 18%, 34%, and 10% of the ENTC asenapine ENTCEND
1	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND  and placebo groups, respectively. ENTD Extrapyramidal symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND . ENTC Asenapine ENTCEND
0	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND -controlled trial in patients with acute exacerbation of ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND
1	ENTC succinylcholine ENTCEND ENTD apnoea ENTDEND
0	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND induced by flurothyl, picrotoxin, pentetrazol (PTZ), electroshock or bicuculline were evaluated. Ibuprofen, sulindac, ENTC mefenamic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTC PGs ENTCEND  to ENTD seizure ENTDEND
1	ENTC PTZ ENTCEND induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND induced by flurothyl, picrotoxin, pentetrazol (PTZ), electroshock or bicuculline were evaluated. Ibuprofen, ENTC sulindac ENTCEND
1	ENTC bicuculline ENTCEND induced ENTD convulsions ENTDEND
0	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND induced by flurothyl, picrotoxin, pentetrazol (PTZ), electroshock or bicuculline were evaluated. Ibuprofen, sulindac, mefenamic acid, and low dose ENTC meclofenamic acid ENTCEND
0	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND induced by flurothyl, picrotoxin, pentetrazol (PTZ), electroshock or bicuculline were evaluated. ENTC Ibuprofen ENTCEND
1	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND induced by ENTC flurothyl ENTCEND
1	ENTD convulsions ENTDEND  but not ENTC picrotoxin ENTCEND
1	ENTD Acute renal failure ENTDEND  in high dose ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND
0	ENTC carboplatin ENTCEND for metastatic parameningeal ENTD embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma ENTDEND
1	ENTD headache ENTDEND on the ENTC GTN ENTCEND
1	ENTC NO ENTCEND  induced ENTD headache ENTDEND
0	ENTC GTN ENTCEND  in 16 patients with chronic ENTD tension-type headache ENTDEND
0	ENTD tension-type headache ENTDEND .It has been proposed that ENTC nitric oxide ENTCEND
0	ENTD primary headaches ENTDEND may be associated with release of calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP). In the present study we aimed to investigate plasma levels of CGRP during headache induced by the NO donor ENTC glyceryl trinitrate ENTCEND
0	ENTC NO ENTCEND  induced headache in ENTD primary headaches ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypercapnia ENTDEND applied immediately before retrieval testing (24 h after acquisition). These improvements or normalizations of impaired cognitive functions were seen at oral aniracetam doses of 10-100 mg/kg. Generally, the dose-response curves were bell-shaped. The mechanisms underlying the activity of aniracetam and its 'therapeutic window' are unknown. Piracetam, another ENTC pyrrolidinone ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypercapnia ENTDEND applied immediately before retrieval testing (24 h after acquisition). These improvements or normalizations of impaired cognitive functions were seen at oral ENTC aniracetam ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypercapnia ENTDEND immediately before the acquisition session; (2) partial (rats) or complete (mice) prevention of the ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC cycloheximide ENTCEND injected 2 days previously; (6) prevention of the deficit in the retrieval of an active avoidance task induced in mice by subconvulsant electroshock or ENTD hypercapnia ENTDEND
0	ENTC chloramphenicol ENTCEND or cycloheximide administered immediately after acquisition; (5) reversal, when administered as late as 1 h before the retention test, of the deficit in retention or retrieval of a passive avoidance task induced by cycloheximide injected 2 days previously; (6) prevention of the deficit in the retrieval of an active avoidance task induced in mice by subconvulsant electroshock or ENTD hypercapnia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypercapnia ENTDEND applied immediately before retrieval testing (24 h after acquisition). These improvements or normalizations of impaired cognitive functions were seen at oral aniracetam doses of 10-100 mg/kg. Generally, the dose-response curves were bell-shaped. The mechanisms underlying the activity of aniracetam and its 'therapeutic window' are unknown. ENTC Piracetam ENTCEND
0	ENTD impaired learning and memory ENTDEND  in rodents.The effect of aniracetam (Ro 13-5057, 1-anisoyl-2-pyrrolidinone) was studied on various forms of experimentally impaired cognitive functions (learning and memory) in rodents and produced the following effects: (1) almost complete prevention of the incapacity to learn a discrete escape response in rats exposed to sublethal hypercapnia immediately before the acquisition session; (2) partial (rats) or complete (mice) prevention of the scopolamine-induced short-term amnesia for a passive avoidance task; (3) complete protection against amnesia for a passive avoidance task in rats submitted to electroconvulsive shock immediately after avoidance acquisition; (4) prevention of the long-term retention- or retrieval-deficit for a passive avoidance task induced in rats and mice by chloramphenicol or cycloheximide administered immediately after acquisition; (5) reversal, when administered as late as 1 h before the retention test, of the deficit in retention or retrieval of a passive avoidance task induced by cycloheximide injected 2 days previously; (6) prevention of the deficit in the retrieval of an active avoidance task induced in mice by subconvulsant electroshock or hypercapnia applied immediately before retrieval testing (24 h after acquisition). These improvements or normalizations of impaired cognitive functions were seen at oral aniracetam doses of 10-100 mg/kg. Generally, the dose-response curves were bell-shaped. The mechanisms underlying the activity of aniracetam and its 'therapeutic window' are unknown. Piracetam, another ENTC pyrrolidinone ENTCEND
0	ENTC Ro 13-5057 ENTCEND ) upon ENTD impaired learning and memory ENTDEND
0	ENTD impaired learning and memory ENTDEND  in rodents.The effect of aniracetam (Ro 13-5057, 1-anisoyl-2-pyrrolidinone) was studied on various forms of experimentally impaired cognitive functions (learning and memory) in rodents and produced the following effects: (1) almost complete prevention of the incapacity to learn a discrete escape response in rats exposed to sublethal hypercapnia immediately before the acquisition session; (2) partial (rats) or complete (mice) prevention of the ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND
1	ENTD impaired learning and memory ENTDEND  in rodents.The effect of aniracetam (Ro 13-5057, 1-anisoyl-2-pyrrolidinone) was studied on various forms of experimentally impaired cognitive functions (learning and memory) in rodents and produced the following effects: (1) almost complete prevention of the incapacity to learn a discrete escape response in rats exposed to sublethal hypercapnia immediately before the acquisition session; (2) partial (rats) or complete (mice) prevention of the scopolamine-induced short-term amnesia for a passive avoidance task; (3) complete protection against amnesia for a passive avoidance task in rats submitted to electroconvulsive shock immediately after avoidance acquisition; (4) prevention of the long-term retention- or retrieval-deficit for a passive avoidance task induced in rats and mice by chloramphenicol or ENTC cycloheximide ENTCEND
1	ENTD impaired learning and memory ENTDEND  in rodents.The effect of aniracetam (Ro 13-5057, 1-anisoyl-2-pyrrolidinone) was studied on various forms of experimentally impaired cognitive functions (learning and memory) in rodents and produced the following effects: (1) almost complete prevention of the incapacity to learn a discrete escape response in rats exposed to sublethal hypercapnia immediately before the acquisition session; (2) partial (rats) or complete (mice) prevention of the scopolamine-induced short-term amnesia for a passive avoidance task; (3) complete protection against amnesia for a passive avoidance task in rats submitted to electroconvulsive shock immediately after avoidance acquisition; (4) prevention of the long-term retention- or retrieval-deficit for a passive avoidance task induced in rats and mice by ENTC chloramphenicol ENTCEND
0	ENTD impaired learning and memory ENTDEND  in rodents.The effect of aniracetam (Ro 13-5057, 1-anisoyl-2-pyrrolidinone) was studied on various forms of experimentally impaired cognitive functions (learning and memory) in rodents and produced the following effects: (1) almost complete prevention of the incapacity to learn a discrete escape response in rats exposed to sublethal hypercapnia immediately before the acquisition session; (2) partial (rats) or complete (mice) prevention of the scopolamine-induced short-term amnesia for a passive avoidance task; (3) complete protection against amnesia for a passive avoidance task in rats submitted to electroconvulsive shock immediately after avoidance acquisition; (4) prevention of the long-term retention- or retrieval-deficit for a passive avoidance task induced in rats and mice by chloramphenicol or cycloheximide administered immediately after acquisition; (5) reversal, when administered as late as 1 h before the retention test, of the deficit in retention or retrieval of a passive avoidance task induced by cycloheximide injected 2 days previously; (6) prevention of the deficit in the retrieval of an active avoidance task induced in mice by subconvulsant electroshock or hypercapnia applied immediately before retrieval testing (24 h after acquisition). These improvements or normalizations of impaired cognitive functions were seen at oral aniracetam doses of 10-100 mg/kg. Generally, the dose-response curves were bell-shaped. The mechanisms underlying the activity of aniracetam and its 'therapeutic window' are unknown. ENTC Piracetam ENTCEND
0	ENTD impaired learning and memory ENTDEND  in rodents.The effect of aniracetam (Ro 13-5057, 1-anisoyl-2-pyrrolidinone) was studied on various forms of experimentally impaired cognitive functions (learning and memory) in rodents and produced the following effects: (1) almost complete prevention of the incapacity to learn a discrete escape response in rats exposed to sublethal hypercapnia immediately before the acquisition session; (2) partial (rats) or complete (mice) prevention of the scopolamine-induced short-term amnesia for a passive avoidance task; (3) complete protection against amnesia for a passive avoidance task in rats submitted to electroconvulsive shock immediately after avoidance acquisition; (4) prevention of the long-term retention- or retrieval-deficit for a passive avoidance task induced in rats and mice by chloramphenicol or cycloheximide administered immediately after acquisition; (5) reversal, when administered as late as 1 h before the retention test, of the deficit in retention or retrieval of a passive avoidance task induced by cycloheximide injected 2 days previously; (6) prevention of the deficit in the retrieval of an active avoidance task induced in mice by subconvulsant electroshock or hypercapnia applied immediately before retrieval testing (24 h after acquisition). These improvements or normalizations of impaired cognitive functions were seen at oral aniracetam doses of 10-100 mg/kg. Generally, the dose-response curves were bell-shaped. The mechanisms underlying the activity of aniracetam and its 'therapeutic window' are unknown. Piracetam, another ENTC pyrrolidinone ENTCEND
0	ENTC Ro 13-5057 ENTCEND ) upon ENTD impaired learning and memory ENTDEND
0	ENTD impaired learning and memory ENTDEND  in rodents.The effect of aniracetam (Ro 13-5057, 1-anisoyl-2-pyrrolidinone) was studied on various forms of experimentally impaired cognitive functions (learning and memory) in rodents and produced the following effects: (1) almost complete prevention of the incapacity to learn a discrete escape response in rats exposed to sublethal hypercapnia immediately before the acquisition session; (2) partial (rats) or complete (mice) prevention of the ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD impaired learning and memory ENTDEND  in rodents.The effect of aniracetam (Ro 13-5057, 1-anisoyl-2-pyrrolidinone) was studied on various forms of experimentally impaired cognitive functions (learning and memory) in rodents and produced the following effects: (1) almost complete prevention of the incapacity to learn a discrete escape response in rats exposed to sublethal hypercapnia immediately before the acquisition session; (2) partial (rats) or complete (mice) prevention of the scopolamine-induced short-term amnesia for a passive avoidance task; (3) complete protection against amnesia for a passive avoidance task in rats submitted to electroconvulsive shock immediately after avoidance acquisition; (4) prevention of the long-term retention- or retrieval-deficit for a passive avoidance task induced in rats and mice by chloramphenicol or ENTC cycloheximide ENTCEND
0	ENTD impaired learning and memory ENTDEND  in rodents.The effect of aniracetam (Ro 13-5057, 1-anisoyl-2-pyrrolidinone) was studied on various forms of experimentally impaired cognitive functions (learning and memory) in rodents and produced the following effects: (1) almost complete prevention of the incapacity to learn a discrete escape response in rats exposed to sublethal hypercapnia immediately before the acquisition session; (2) partial (rats) or complete (mice) prevention of the scopolamine-induced short-term amnesia for a passive avoidance task; (3) complete protection against amnesia for a passive avoidance task in rats submitted to electroconvulsive shock immediately after avoidance acquisition; (4) prevention of the long-term retention- or retrieval-deficit for a passive avoidance task induced in rats and mice by ENTC chloramphenicol ENTCEND
0	ENTD impaired learning and memory ENTDEND  in rodents.The effect of aniracetam (Ro 13-5057, 1-anisoyl-2-pyrrolidinone) was studied on various forms of experimentally impaired cognitive functions (learning and memory) in rodents and produced the following effects: (1) almost complete prevention of the incapacity to learn a discrete escape response in rats exposed to sublethal hypercapnia immediately before the acquisition session; (2) partial (rats) or complete (mice) prevention of the scopolamine-induced short-term amnesia for a passive avoidance task; (3) complete protection against amnesia for a passive avoidance task in rats submitted to electroconvulsive shock immediately after avoidance acquisition; (4) prevention of the long-term retention- or retrieval-deficit for a passive avoidance task induced in rats and mice by chloramphenicol or cycloheximide administered immediately after acquisition; (5) reversal, when administered as late as 1 h before the retention test, of the deficit in retention or retrieval of a passive avoidance task induced by cycloheximide injected 2 days previously; (6) prevention of the deficit in the retrieval of an active avoidance task induced in mice by subconvulsant electroshock or hypercapnia applied immediately before retrieval testing (24 h after acquisition). These improvements or normalizations of impaired cognitive functions were seen at oral aniracetam doses of 10-100 mg/kg. Generally, the dose-response curves were bell-shaped. The mechanisms underlying the activity of aniracetam and its 'therapeutic window' are unknown. ENTC Piracetam ENTCEND
0	ENTD impaired cognitive functions ENTDEND were seen at oral aniracetam doses of 10-100 mg/kg. Generally, the dose-response curves were bell-shaped. The mechanisms underlying the activity of aniracetam and its 'therapeutic window' are unknown. Piracetam, another ENTC pyrrolidinone ENTCEND
0	ENTD impaired cognitive functions ENTDEND were seen at oral ENTC aniracetam ENTCEND
0	ENTD impaired cognitive functions ENTDEND (learning and memory) in rodents and produced the following effects: (1) almost complete prevention of the incapacity to learn a discrete escape response in rats exposed to sublethal hypercapnia immediately before the acquisition session; (2) partial (rats) or complete (mice) prevention of the ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC cycloheximide ENTCEND injected 2 days previously; (6) prevention of the deficit in the retrieval of an active avoidance task induced in mice by subconvulsant electroshock or hypercapnia applied immediately before retrieval testing (24 h after acquisition). These improvements or normalizations of ENTD impaired cognitive functions ENTDEND
0	ENTC chloramphenicol ENTCEND or cycloheximide administered immediately after acquisition; (5) reversal, when administered as late as 1 h before the retention test, of the deficit in retention or retrieval of a passive avoidance task induced by cycloheximide injected 2 days previously; (6) prevention of the deficit in the retrieval of an active avoidance task induced in mice by subconvulsant electroshock or hypercapnia applied immediately before retrieval testing (24 h after acquisition). These improvements or normalizations of ENTD impaired cognitive functions ENTDEND
0	ENTD impaired cognitive functions ENTDEND were seen at oral aniracetam doses of 10-100 mg/kg. Generally, the dose-response curves were bell-shaped. The mechanisms underlying the activity of aniracetam and its 'therapeutic window' are unknown. ENTC Piracetam ENTCEND
0	ENTD amnesia ENTDEND for a passive avoidance task in rats submitted to electroconvulsive shock immediately after avoidance acquisition; (4) prevention of the long-term retention- or retrieval-deficit for a passive avoidance task induced in rats and mice by chloramphenicol or cycloheximide administered immediately after acquisition; (5) reversal, when administered as late as 1 h before the retention test, of the deficit in retention or retrieval of a passive avoidance task induced by cycloheximide injected 2 days previously; (6) prevention of the deficit in the retrieval of an active avoidance task induced in mice by subconvulsant electroshock or hypercapnia applied immediately before retrieval testing (24 h after acquisition). These improvements or normalizations of impaired cognitive functions were seen at oral aniracetam doses of 10-100 mg/kg. Generally, the dose-response curves were bell-shaped. The mechanisms underlying the activity of aniracetam and its 'therapeutic window' are unknown. Piracetam, another ENTC pyrrolidinone ENTCEND
0	ENTC 1-anisoyl-2-pyrrolidinone ENTCEND  was studied on various forms of experimentally impaired cognitive functions (learning and memory) in rodents and produced the following effects: (1) almost complete prevention of the incapacity to learn a discrete escape response in rats exposed to sublethal hypercapnia immediately before the acquisition session; (2) partial (rats) or complete (mice) prevention of the scopolamine-induced short-term ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
1	ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND induced short-term ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD amnesia ENTDEND for a passive avoidance task in rats submitted to electroconvulsive shock immediately after avoidance acquisition; (4) prevention of the long-term retention- or retrieval-deficit for a passive avoidance task induced in rats and mice by chloramphenicol or ENTC cycloheximide ENTCEND
0	ENTD amnesia ENTDEND for a passive avoidance task in rats submitted to electroconvulsive shock immediately after avoidance acquisition; (4) prevention of the long-term retention- or retrieval-deficit for a passive avoidance task induced in rats and mice by ENTC chloramphenicol ENTCEND
0	ENTD amnesia ENTDEND for a passive avoidance task in rats submitted to electroconvulsive shock immediately after avoidance acquisition; (4) prevention of the long-term retention- or retrieval-deficit for a passive avoidance task induced in rats and mice by chloramphenicol or cycloheximide administered immediately after acquisition; (5) reversal, when administered as late as 1 h before the retention test, of the deficit in retention or retrieval of a passive avoidance task induced by cycloheximide injected 2 days previously; (6) prevention of the deficit in the retrieval of an active avoidance task induced in mice by subconvulsant electroshock or hypercapnia applied immediately before retrieval testing (24 h after acquisition). These improvements or normalizations of impaired cognitive functions were seen at oral aniracetam doses of 10-100 mg/kg. Generally, the dose-response curves were bell-shaped. The mechanisms underlying the activity of aniracetam and its 'therapeutic window' are unknown. ENTC Piracetam ENTCEND
0	ENTC Octreotide ENTCEND -induced ENTD hypoxemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC octreotide ENTCEND  to enhance resolution of the ENTD fistula ENTDEND
0	ENTD necrotizing enterocolitis ENTDEND  Pulmonary hypertension developed after administration of a somatostatin analogue, ENTC octreotide ENTCEND
1	ENTC Octreotide ENTCEND -induced hypoxemia and ENTD pulmonary hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTC salbutamol ENTCEND  After stopping the beta-agonist, and after a week with the atenolol, the ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTC atenolol ENTCEND  the ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTC salbutamol ENTCEND (known to induce ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD tachycardia ENTDEND  may be the trigger of adrenergic reflexes originating in the esophagus while swallowing and that a beta-blocker such as ENTC atenolol ENTCEND
1	ENTD atrial tachyarrhythmia ENTDEND  triggered by ENTC salbutamol ENTCEND
0	ENTC atenolol ENTCEND  the arrhythmia disappeared. DISCUSSION: Swallowing-induced ENTD atrial tachyarrhythmia ENTDEND
0	ENTD neuropathy ENTDEND target enzyme (NTE) was examined in rats acutely exposed to Mipafox (N, N'-diisopropylphosphorodiamidofluoridate), a neurotoxic ENTC organophosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTC mipafox ENTCEND -induced ENTD neuropathic damage ENTDEND
0	ENTD neurotoxic ENTDEND ENTC organophosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTC N, N'-diisopropylphosphorodiamidofluoridate ENTCEND , a ENTD neurotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTC organophosphate ENTCEND  Brain and spinal cord NTE activities were measured in Long-Evans male rats 1 hr post-exposure to various dosages of Mipafox (ip, 1-15 mg/kg). These data were correlated with histologically scored cervical ENTD cord damage ENTDEND
1	ENTC Mipafox ENTCEND (ip, 1-15 mg/kg). These data were correlated with histologically scored cervical ENTD cord damage ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND on epidural blood flow (EBF) during spinal surgery, EBF was measured using the heat clearance method in 30 patients who underwent postero-lateral interbody fusion under ENTC isoflurane ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypotension ENTDEND due to ENTC PGE1 ENTCEND
1	ENTC TMP ENTCEND for ENTD hypotensive ENTDEND
0	ENTC azathioprine ENTCEND therapy is continued so that structural ENTD liver damage ENTDEND
0	ENTD psoriasis ENTDEND  with ENTC azathioprine ENTCEND
1	ENTD fibrosis ENTDEND of a reversible degree in eight. Liver biopsies should be undertaken at regular intervals if ENTC azathioprine ENTCEND
1	ENTD cholestasis ENTDEND was seen in two cases and portal fibrosis of a reversible degree in eight. Liver biopsies should be undertaken at regular intervals if ENTC azathioprine ENTCEND
1	ENTC vitamin D3 ENTCEND  were associated with prolonged ENTD hypercalcemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypercalcemia ENTDEND  hyperphosphatemia, and large increases of vitamin D3 and its metabolites in the blood plasma of nonlactating nonpregnant and pregnant Jersey cows. ENTC Calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC Vitamin D3 ENTCEND ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND  in dairy cows.Large parenteral doses of vitamin D3 (15 to 17.5 x 10(6) IU vitamin D3) were associated with prolonged hypercalcemia, hyperphosphatemia, and large increases of vitamin D3 and its metabolites in the blood plasma of nonlactating nonpregnant and pregnant Jersey cows. ENTC Calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC vitamin D3 ENTCEND that prevent ENTD milk fever ENTDEND
0	ENTC Calcium ENTCEND concentrations 1 day postpartum were higher in cows treated with vitamin D3 about 32 days prepartum (8.8 mg/100 ml) than in control cows (5.5 mg/100 ml). None of the cows treated with vitamin D3 showed signs of ENTD milk fever ENTDEND
1	ENTD hyperphosphatemia ENTDEND  and large increases of ENTC vitamin D3 ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperphosphatemia ENTDEND  and large increases of vitamin D3 and its metabolites in the blood plasma of nonlactating nonpregnant and pregnant Jersey cows. ENTC Calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of ifosfamide that can be prevented by administering ENTC mesna ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND
1	ENTC mesna ENTCEND  to prevent ifosfamide-induced ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND
1	ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND -induced ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND
0	ENTC mesna ENTCEND who experiences severe ifosfamide-induced ENTD emesis ENTDEND
0	ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND induced ENTD emesis ENTDEND
1	ENTC mesna ENTCEND  to prevent ifosfamide-induced ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND
1	ENTC ifosfamide ENTCEND -induced ENTD hemorrhagic cystitis ENTDEND
1	ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND and one month later divided into four groups matched for ENTD albuminuria ENTDEND
0	ENTC enalapril ENTCEND treatment reduced blood pressure without reducing ENTD albuminuria ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal injury ENTDEND in ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND
0	ENTC enalapril ENTCEND on progression of ENTD renal injury ENTDEND
1	ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND ENTD nephrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrosis ENTDEND  Chronic ENTC enalapril ENTCEND
0	ENTC L-alpha-GFC ENTCEND  on ENTD memory impairment ENTDEND
1	ENTD memory impairment ENTDEND induced by ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC L-alpha-glyceryl-phosphorylcholine ENTCEND  on ENTD amnesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD amnesia ENTDEND  caused by ENTC scopolamine ENTCEND
1	ENTC nicotine ENTCEND -induced ENTD locomotor hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC DA ENTCEND level were normal. These results suggest that chronic nicotine-treated rats develop ENTD locomotor hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTC spiperone ENTCEND binding sites, whereas the number of striatal L-[3H]nicotine binding sites and the striatal DA level were normal. These results suggest that chronic nicotine-treated rats develop ENTD locomotor hyperactivity ENTDEND
1	ENTD muscle wastage ENTDEND occurred in Wistar rats following the subcutaneous administration of ENTC prednisolone ENTCEND
1	ENTC prednisolone ENTCEND  in rats, ribosomal RNA biosyntheses, and a mechanism of action. ENTD Liver enlargement ENTDEND
0	ENTC Testosterone ENTCEND -dependent ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND and renal injury in male DS rats on HS diet possibly through upregulation of the intrarenal renin- ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  and upregulation of intrarenal angiotensinogen in Dahl ENTC salt ENTCEND
0	ENTC testosterone ENTCEND that also causes increases in BP and ENTD renal injury ENTDEND
0	ENTD renal injury ENTDEND in male DS rats on HS diet possibly through upregulation of the intrarenal renin- ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
1	ENTD renal injury ENTDEND  On a low- ENTC salt ENTCEND
0	ENTC purine ENTCEND synthesis. Extensive experimental and limited clinical data have shown that lometrexol has activity against ENTD tumours ENTDEND
0	ENTC antipurine ENTCEND  antifolate lometrexol (DDATHF) given with oral folic acid.Lometrexol is an antifolate which inhibits glycinamide ribonucleotide formyltransferase (GARFT), an enzyme essential for de novo purine synthesis. Extensive experimental and limited clinical data have shown that lometrexol has activity against ENTD tumours ENTDEND
0	ENTC glycinamide ribonucleotide ENTCEND formyltransferase (GARFT), an enzyme essential for de novo purine synthesis. Extensive experimental and limited clinical data have shown that lometrexol has activity against ENTD tumours ENTDEND
0	ENTD tumours ENTDEND which are refractory to other drugs, notably ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTC lometrexol ENTCEND has activity against ENTD tumours ENTDEND
0	ENTC folic acid ENTCEND .Lometrexol is an antifolate which inhibits glycinamide ribonucleotide formyltransferase (GARFT), an enzyme essential for de novo purine synthesis. Extensive experimental and limited clinical data have shown that lometrexol has activity against ENTD tumours ENTDEND
0	ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND  However, the initial clinical development of lometrexol was curtailed because of severe and cumulative antiproliferative toxicities. Preclinical murine studies demonstrated that the toxicity of lometrexol can be prevented by low dose folic acid administration, i.e. for 7 days prior to and 7 days following a single bolus dose. This observation prompted a Phase I clinical study of lometrexol given with folic acid supplementation which has confirmed that the toxicity of lometrexol can be markedly reduced by folic acid supplementation. ENTD Thrombocytopenia ENTDEND
1	ENTC lometrexol ENTCEND can be markedly reduced by folic acid supplementation. ENTD Thrombocytopenia ENTDEND
0	ENTC folic acid ENTCEND supplementation. ENTD Thrombocytopenia ENTDEND
0	ENTC purine ENTCEND synthesis. Extensive experimental and limited clinical data have shown that lometrexol has activity against tumours which are refractory to other drugs, notably methotrexate. However, the initial clinical development of lometrexol was curtailed because of severe and cumulative antiproliferative ENTD toxicities ENTDEND
0	ENTC antipurine ENTCEND  antifolate lometrexol (DDATHF) given with oral folic acid.Lometrexol is an antifolate which inhibits glycinamide ribonucleotide formyltransferase (GARFT), an enzyme essential for de novo purine synthesis. Extensive experimental and limited clinical data have shown that lometrexol has activity against tumours which are refractory to other drugs, notably methotrexate. However, the initial clinical development of lometrexol was curtailed because of severe and cumulative antiproliferative ENTD toxicities ENTDEND
0	ENTC glycinamide ribonucleotide ENTCEND formyltransferase (GARFT), an enzyme essential for de novo purine synthesis. Extensive experimental and limited clinical data have shown that lometrexol has activity against tumours which are refractory to other drugs, notably methotrexate. However, the initial clinical development of lometrexol was curtailed because of severe and cumulative antiproliferative ENTD toxicities ENTDEND
0	ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND  However, the initial clinical development of lometrexol was curtailed because of severe and cumulative antiproliferative ENTD toxicities ENTDEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of ENTC lometrexol ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND and the extent of plasma ENTC folate ENTCEND
0	ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND  However, the initial clinical development of lometrexol was curtailed because of severe and cumulative antiproliferative toxicities. Preclinical murine studies demonstrated that the toxicity of lometrexol can be prevented by low dose folic acid administration, i.e. for 7 days prior to and 7 days following a single bolus dose. This observation prompted a Phase I clinical study of lometrexol given with folic acid supplementation which has confirmed that the toxicity of lometrexol can be markedly reduced by folic acid supplementation. Thrombocytopenia and ENTD mucositis ENTDEND
1	ENTC lometrexol ENTCEND can be markedly reduced by folic acid supplementation. Thrombocytopenia and ENTD mucositis ENTDEND
0	ENTC folic acid ENTCEND supplementation. Thrombocytopenia and ENTD mucositis ENTDEND
0	ENTC FR 139317 ENTCEND on FK 506-induced ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
1	ENTC FK 506 ENTCEND -induced ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND in rats. These results indicate that FK 506 may increase blood pressure not only by increasing ET-1 production but also by decreasing ENTC NO ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND  To clarify the mechanisms of FK 506-induced hypertension, we studied the chronic effects of FK 506 on the synthesis of endothelin-1 (ET-1), the expression of mRNA of ET-1 and endothelin-converting enzyme-1 (ECE-1), the endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) activity, and the expression of mRNA of eNOS and C-type natriuretic peptide (CNP) in rat blood vessels. In addition, the effect of the specific endothelin type A receptor antagonist ENTC FR 139317 ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND  To clarify the mechanisms of ENTC FK 506 ENTCEND
0	ENTD nephrotoxicity ENTDEND  To clarify the mechanisms of FK 506-induced hypertension, we studied the chronic effects of FK 506 on the synthesis of endothelin-1 (ET-1), the expression of mRNA of ET-1 and endothelin-converting enzyme-1 (ECE-1), the endothelial ENTC nitric oxide ENTCEND
1	ENTD encephalopathy ENTDEND . ENTC Valproate ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperammonemia ENTDEND  The EEG shows characteristic triphasic waves in most patients with this complication. A case of ENTC valproate ENTCEND
0	ENTC Valproate ENTCEND induced encephalopathy is a rare syndrome that may manifest in otherwise normal ENTD epileptic ENTDEND
0	ENTC lamivudine ENTCEND -resistant hepatitis B virus e antigen-positive and -negative strains.Immune escape variants of the ENTD hepatitis B ENTDEND
1	ENTD hepatitis B ENTDEND virus (HBV) represent an emerging clinical challenge, because they can be associated with vaccine escape, HBV reactivation, and failure of diagnostic tests. Recent data suggest a preferential selection of immune escape mutants in distinct peripheral blood leukocyte compartments of infected individuals. We therefore systematically analyzed the functional impact of the most prevalent immune escape variants, the sG145R and sP120T mutants, on the viral replication efficacy and antiviral drug susceptibility of common treatment-associated mutants with resistance to lamivudine (LAM) and/or HBeAg negativity. Replication-competent HBV strains with sG145R or sP120T and LAM resistance (rtM204I or rtL180M/rtM204V) were generated on an HBeAg-positive and an HBeAg-negative background with precore (PC) and basal core promoter (BCP) mutants. The sG145R mutation strongly reduced ENTC HBsAg ENTCEND
1	ENTC hepatitis B virus e antigen ENTCEND -positive and -negative strains.Immune escape variants of the ENTD hepatitis B ENTDEND
0	ENTD leukemic infiltration ENTDEND at diagnosis, therapy-related peripheral neuropathy, late-onset encephalopathy, or long-term neurocognitive defects. During a 9-year period, we retrospectively collected 27 neurological events (11%) in as many patients, from 253 children enrolled in the ALL front-line protocol. CNS complications included posterior reversible leukoencephalopathy syndrome (n = 10), stroke (n = 5), temporal lobe epilepsy (n = 2), high-dose ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTD peripheral neuropathy ENTDEND  late-onset encephalopathy, or long-term neurocognitive defects. During a 9-year period, we retrospectively collected 27 neurological events (11%) in as many patients, from 253 children enrolled in the ALL front-line protocol. CNS complications included posterior reversible leukoencephalopathy syndrome (n = 10), stroke (n = 5), temporal lobe epilepsy (n = 2), high-dose ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND ENTD toxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTD neurocognitive defects ENTDEND  During a 9-year period, we retrospectively collected 27 neurological events (11%) in as many patients, from 253 children enrolled in the ALL front-line protocol. CNS complications included posterior reversible leukoencephalopathy syndrome (n = 10), stroke (n = 5), temporal lobe epilepsy (n = 2), high-dose ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTD ALL ENTDEND front-line protocol. CNS complications included posterior reversible leukoencephalopathy syndrome (n = 10), stroke (n = 5), temporal lobe epilepsy (n = 2), high-dose ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTD leukoencephalopathy ENTDEND syndrome (n = 10), stroke (n = 5), temporal lobe epilepsy (n = 2), high-dose ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND toxicity (n = 2), syndrome of ENTD inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion ENTDEND
0	ENTD stroke ENTDEND (n = 5), temporal lobe epilepsy (n = 2), high-dose ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTD encephalopathy ENTDEND  or long-term neurocognitive defects. During a 9-year period, we retrospectively collected 27 neurological events (11%) in as many patients, from 253 children enrolled in the ALL front-line protocol. CNS complications included posterior reversible leukoencephalopathy syndrome (n = 10), stroke (n = 5), temporal lobe epilepsy (n = 2), high-dose ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTD temporal lobe epilepsy ENTDEND (n = 2), high-dose ENTC methotrexate ENTCEND
0	ENTC propofol ENTCEND sedation. Sedation depth was titrated using processed electroencephalography with the bispectral index (BIS), and patients were randomized to receive either deep (BIS, approximately 50) or light (BIS, >or=80) sedation. Postoperative delirium was assessed as defined by Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of ENTD Mental Disorders ENTDEND
0	ENTD hip fracture ENTDEND repair under spinal anesthesia with ENTC propofol ENTCEND
0	ENTD dementia ENTDEND who underwent hip fracture repair under spinal anesthesia with ENTC propofol ENTCEND
1	ENTC propofol ENTCEND sedation decreased the prevalence of ENTD postoperative delirium ENTDEND
1	ENTC propofol ENTCEND sedation decreased the prevalence of ENTD postoperative delirium ENTDEND
1	ENTC fluoxetine ENTCEND  induces ENTD fetal pulmonary hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD fetal pulmonary hypertension ENTDEND as evidenced by an increase in the weight ratio of the right ventricle to the left ventricle plus septum (P = 0.02) and by an increase in pulmonary arterial medial thickness (P < 0.01). Postnatal mortality was increased among experimental animals, and arterial ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
0	ENTD fetal pulmonary hypertension ENTDEND  in the rat.RATIONALE: Fluoxetine is a selective ENTC serotonin ENTCEND
1	ENTC fluoxetine ENTCEND  induces ENTD fetal pulmonary hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD fetal pulmonary hypertension ENTDEND as evidenced by an increase in the weight ratio of the right ventricle to the left ventricle plus septum (P = 0.02) and by an increase in pulmonary arterial medial thickness (P < 0.01). Postnatal mortality was increased among experimental animals, and arterial ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
0	ENTD fetal pulmonary hypertension ENTDEND  in the rat.RATIONALE: Fluoxetine is a selective ENTC serotonin ENTCEND
0	ENTC testosterone ENTCEND concentration increased with pubertal status but was not affected by ENTD hyperprolactinemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND  reuptake inhibitors on bone mineral density in boys.OBJECTIVE: The aim of the present study was to investigate the effect of risperidone-induced ENTD hyperprolactinemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC risperidone ENTCEND induced ENTD hyperprolactinemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC testosterone ENTCEND concentration increased with pubertal status but was not affected by hyperprolactinemia. As expected, bone mineral content and BMD increased with sexual maturity. After adjusting for the stage of sexual development and height and BMI z scores, serum prolactin was negatively associated with trabecular volumetric BMD at the ultradistal radius (P < .03). Controlling for relevant covariates, we also found treatment with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) to be associated with lower trabecular BMD at the radius (P = .03) and BMD z score at the lumbar spine (P < .05). These findings became more marked when the analysis was restricted to non-Hispanic white patients. Of 13 documented ENTD fractures ENTDEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) to be associated with lower trabecular BMD at the radius (P = .03) and BMD z score at the lumbar spine (P < .05). These findings became more marked when the analysis was restricted to non-Hispanic white patients. Of 13 documented ENTD fractures ENTDEND
0	ENTD fractures ENTDEND  3 occurred after ENTC risperidone ENTCEND
0	ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND  and no fixed ENTD coronary artery stenosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD coronary artery stenosis ENTDEND was documented on angiograms in all patients. DSE was performed with intravenous ENTC dobutamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD anginal ENTDEND attacks at rest with ST elevation on the electrocardiogram (variant angina). Coronary spasm was induced by intracoronary injection of ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTC dobutamine ENTCEND  We performed DSE on 51 patients with coronary spastic angina but without significant fixed coronary artery stenosis. All patients had ENTD anginal ENTDEND
0	ENTD variant angina ENTDEND . Coronary spasm was induced by intracoronary injection of ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
1	ENTC dobutamine ENTCEND  We performed DSE on 51 patients with ENTD coronary spastic angina ENTDEND
0	ENTD myocardial ischemia ENTDEND due to coronary spasm is induced by dobutamine. We performed DSE on 51 patients with coronary spastic angina but without significant fixed coronary artery stenosis. All patients had anginal attacks at rest with ST elevation on the electrocardiogram (variant angina). Coronary spasm was induced by intracoronary injection of ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Myocardial ischemia ENTDEND  due to coronary artery spasm during ENTC dobutamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND  and no fixed coronary artery stenosis was documented on angiograms in all patients. DSE was performed with intravenous dobutamine infusion with an incremental doses of 5, 10, 20, 30, and 40 microg/kg/min every 5 minutes. Of the 51 patients, 7 patients showed asynergy with ST elevation. All 7 patients (13.7%) had ENTD chest pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD chest pain ENTDEND and electrocardiographic changes were preceded by asynergy. These findings indicate that ENTC dobutamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD coronary spasm ENTDEND is induced by dobutamine. We performed DSE on 51 patients with coronary spastic angina but without significant fixed coronary artery stenosis. All patients had anginal attacks at rest with ST elevation on the electrocardiogram (variant angina). Coronary spasm was induced by intracoronary injection of ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
1	ENTD coronary artery spasm ENTDEND  during ENTC dobutamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND  and no fixed coronary artery stenosis was documented on angiograms in all patients. DSE was performed with intravenous dobutamine infusion with an incremental doses of 5, 10, 20, 30, and 40 microg/kg/min every 5 minutes. Of the 51 patients, 7 patients showed asynergy with ST elevation. All 7 patients (13.7%) had chest pain during asynergy, and both chest pain and electrocardiographic changes were preceded by asynergy. These findings indicate that dobutamine can provoke coronary spasm in some patients with coronary spastic angina. When DSE is performed to evaluate ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC dobutamine ENTCEND can provoke coronary spasm in some patients with coronary spastic angina. When DSE is performed to evaluate ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC ammonia ENTCEND coma after L-dopa, can be accounted for by the peripheral effect of dopamine on renal function rather than its central action. These results provide a reasonable explanation for the beneficial effects observed in some ENTD encephalopathic ENTDEND
0	ENTC urea ENTCEND  Intraventricular infusion of dopamine sufficient to raise the brain dopamine to the same extent did not prevent the ammonia coma nor affect the blood and brain ammonia concentrations. Bilateral nephrectomy eliminated the beneficial effect of L-dopa on blood and brain ammonia and the ammonia coma was not prevented. Thus, the reduction in blood and brain ammonia and the prevention of ammonia coma after L-dopa, can be accounted for by the peripheral effect of dopamine on renal function rather than its central action. These results provide a reasonable explanation for the beneficial effects observed in some ENTD encephalopathic ENTDEND
0	ENTC ammonium salt ENTCEND injection. The effect of L-dopa was correlated with a decrease in blood and brain ammonia, an increase in brain dopamine, and an increase in renal excretion of ammonia and urea. Intraventricular infusion of dopamine sufficient to raise the brain dopamine to the same extent did not prevent the ammonia coma nor affect the blood and brain ammonia concentrations. Bilateral nephrectomy eliminated the beneficial effect of L-dopa on blood and brain ammonia and the ammonia coma was not prevented. Thus, the reduction in blood and brain ammonia and the prevention of ammonia coma after L-dopa, can be accounted for by the peripheral effect of dopamine on renal function rather than its central action. These results provide a reasonable explanation for the beneficial effects observed in some ENTD encephalopathic ENTDEND
0	ENTD encephalopathic ENTDEND patients receiving ENTC L-dopa ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND on renal function rather than its central action. These results provide a reasonable explanation for the beneficial effects observed in some ENTD encephalopathic ENTDEND
0	ENTC ammonia ENTCEND ENTD coma ENTDEND
1	ENTC NH4CL ENTCEND  This ENTD coma ENTDEND
0	ENTC urea ENTCEND  Intraventricular infusion of dopamine sufficient to raise the brain dopamine to the same extent did not prevent the ammonia ENTD coma ENTDEND
0	ENTD coma ENTDEND was prevented with 1.68 mmol L-dopa given by gastric intubation 15 minutes before the ENTC ammonium salt ENTCEND
0	ENTD coma ENTDEND after ENTC L-dopa ENTCEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND to the same extent did not prevent the ammonia ENTD coma ENTDEND
1	ENTC DOX ENTCEND ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND -induced inflammation and apoptosis are attenuated by gene deletion of the kinin B1 receptor.Clinical use of the ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND
0	ENTC Doxorubicin ENTCEND  cardiomyopathy-induced ENTD inflammation ENTDEND
0	ENTD inflammation ENTDEND  and apoptosis are attenuated by gene deletion of the kinin B1 receptor.Clinical use of the ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND
0	ENTC DOX ENTCEND  is limited by its ENTD cardiotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND doxorubicin (DOX) is limited by its ENTD cardiotoxic ENTDEND
0	ENTC DOX ENTCEND B1R(-/-) mice, ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTC anthracycline ENTCEND doxorubicin (DOX) is limited by its cardiotoxic effects, which are attributed to the induction of apoptosis. To elucidate the possible role of the kinin B1 receptor (B1R) during the development of DOX cardiomyopathy, we studied B1R knockout mice (B1R(-/-)) by investigating cardiac inflammation and apoptosis after induction of DOX-induced cardiomyopathy. DOX control mice showed ENTD cardiac dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTD catatonia ENTDEND (DOC) after ketamine, but pretreatment with norepinephrine did not. The pineal indolamines exhibited mixed actions. Serotonin and ENTC N-acetyl serotonin ENTCEND
1	ENTD catatonia ENTDEND (DOC) after ketamine, but pretreatment with norepinephrine did not. The pineal indolamines exhibited mixed actions. ENTC Serotonin ENTCEND
0	ENTD catatonia ENTDEND (DOC) after ketamine, but pretreatment with ENTC norepinephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTC amine ENTCEND  pretreatment on ketamine ENTD catatonia ENTDEND
1	ENTC melatonin ENTCEND  Furthermore, dopamine appeared to act on systems more closely involved with the induction of ketamine ENTD catatonia ENTDEND
0	ENTC catecholamines ENTCEND and pineal idolamines on ketamine-induced ENTD catatonia ENTDEND
1	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND increased the duration of ENTD catatonia ENTDEND
1	ENTC ketamine ENTCEND ENTD catatonia ENTDEND
0	ENTD arrhythmia ENTDEND who developed sustained bigeminy and 2 brief runs of ventricular tachycardia after ENTC caffeine ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac disease ENTDEND or arrhythmia who developed sustained bigeminy and 2 brief runs of ventricular tachycardia after ENTC caffeine ENTCEND
1	ENTC caffeine ENTCEND  pretreatment.Suboptimal ENTD seizure ENTDEND
1	ENTC caffeine ENTCEND is commonly used to improve seizure duration and quality in such patients and is generally well tolerated aside from occasional reports of relatively benign ENTD ventricular ectopy ENTDEND
1	ENTD ventricular tachycardia ENTDEND after ENTC caffeine ENTCEND
0	ENTD pulmonary edema ENTDEND  preceded by chest pain, requiring intubation. Her medical history included coronary artery disease with previous myocardial infarctions, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus. A history of angioedema secondary to lisinopril therapy was elicited. Current medications did not include ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTD pulmonary edema ENTDEND  preceded by chest pain, requiring intubation. Her medical history included coronary artery disease with previous myocardial infarctions, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus. A history of angioedema secondary to ENTC lisinopril ENTCEND
0	ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND .A 72-year-old woman was admitted to the hospital with "flash" ENTD pulmonary edema ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  and diabetes mellitus. A history of angioedema secondary to lisinopril therapy was elicited. Current medications did not include angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or beta-blockers. She had no previous beta-blocking drug exposure. During the first day of hospitalization (while intubated), intravenous metoprolol was given, resulting in severe angioedema. The angioedema resolved after therapy with intravenous steroids and ENTC diphenhydramine ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  and diabetes mellitus. A history of angioedema secondary to lisinopril therapy was elicited. Current medications did not include ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  and diabetes mellitus. A history of angioedema secondary to lisinopril therapy was elicited. Current medications did not include angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or beta-blockers. She had no previous beta-blocking drug exposure. During the first day of hospitalization (while intubated), intravenous metoprolol was given, resulting in severe angioedema. The angioedema resolved after therapy with intravenous ENTC steroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  and diabetes mellitus. A history of angioedema secondary to ENTC lisinopril ENTCEND
0	ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND .A 72-year-old woman was admitted to the hospital with "flash" pulmonary edema, preceded by chest pain, requiring intubation. Her medical history included coronary artery disease with previous myocardial infarctions, ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTD diabetes mellitus ENTDEND  A history of angioedema secondary to lisinopril therapy was elicited. Current medications did not include angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or beta-blockers. She had no previous beta-blocking drug exposure. During the first day of hospitalization (while intubated), intravenous metoprolol was given, resulting in severe angioedema. The angioedema resolved after therapy with intravenous steroids and ENTC diphenhydramine ENTCEND
0	ENTD diabetes mellitus ENTDEND  A history of angioedema secondary to lisinopril therapy was elicited. Current medications did not include ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTD diabetes mellitus ENTDEND  A history of angioedema secondary to lisinopril therapy was elicited. Current medications did not include angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or beta-blockers. She had no previous beta-blocking drug exposure. During the first day of hospitalization (while intubated), intravenous metoprolol was given, resulting in severe angioedema. The angioedema resolved after therapy with intravenous ENTC steroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD diabetes mellitus ENTDEND  A history of angioedema secondary to ENTC lisinopril ENTCEND
0	ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND .A 72-year-old woman was admitted to the hospital with "flash" pulmonary edema, preceded by chest pain, requiring intubation. Her medical history included coronary artery disease with previous myocardial infarctions, hypertension, and ENTD diabetes mellitus ENTDEND
0	ENTD angioedema ENTDEND resolved after therapy with intravenous steroids and ENTC diphenhydramine ENTCEND
0	ENTD angioedema ENTDEND secondary to lisinopril therapy was elicited. Current medications did not include ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTD angioedema ENTDEND resolved after therapy with intravenous ENTC steroids ENTCEND
1	ENTD angioedema ENTDEND secondary to ENTC lisinopril ENTCEND
1	ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND was given, resulting in severe ENTD angioedema ENTDEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarctions ENTDEND  hypertension, and diabetes mellitus. A history of angioedema secondary to lisinopril therapy was elicited. Current medications did not include angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or beta-blockers. She had no previous beta-blocking drug exposure. During the first day of hospitalization (while intubated), intravenous metoprolol was given, resulting in severe angioedema. The angioedema resolved after therapy with intravenous steroids and ENTC diphenhydramine ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarctions ENTDEND  hypertension, and diabetes mellitus. A history of angioedema secondary to lisinopril therapy was elicited. Current medications did not include ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarctions ENTDEND  hypertension, and diabetes mellitus. A history of angioedema secondary to lisinopril therapy was elicited. Current medications did not include angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or beta-blockers. She had no previous beta-blocking drug exposure. During the first day of hospitalization (while intubated), intravenous metoprolol was given, resulting in severe angioedema. The angioedema resolved after therapy with intravenous ENTC steroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarctions ENTDEND  hypertension, and diabetes mellitus. A history of angioedema secondary to ENTC lisinopril ENTCEND
0	ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND .A 72-year-old woman was admitted to the hospital with "flash" pulmonary edema, preceded by chest pain, requiring intubation. Her medical history included coronary artery disease with previous ENTD myocardial infarctions ENTDEND
0	ENTD chest pain ENTDEND  requiring intubation. Her medical history included coronary artery disease with previous myocardial infarctions, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus. A history of angioedema secondary to lisinopril therapy was elicited. Current medications did not include ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTD chest pain ENTDEND  requiring intubation. Her medical history included coronary artery disease with previous myocardial infarctions, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus. A history of angioedema secondary to ENTC lisinopril ENTCEND
0	ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND .A 72-year-old woman was admitted to the hospital with "flash" pulmonary edema, preceded by ENTD chest pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND with previous myocardial infarctions, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus. A history of angioedema secondary to lisinopril therapy was elicited. Current medications did not include angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or beta-blockers. She had no previous beta-blocking drug exposure. During the first day of hospitalization (while intubated), intravenous metoprolol was given, resulting in severe angioedema. The angioedema resolved after therapy with intravenous steroids and ENTC diphenhydramine ENTCEND
0	ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND with previous myocardial infarctions, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus. A history of angioedema secondary to lisinopril therapy was elicited. Current medications did not include ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND
0	ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND with previous myocardial infarctions, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus. A history of angioedema secondary to lisinopril therapy was elicited. Current medications did not include angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or beta-blockers. She had no previous beta-blocking drug exposure. During the first day of hospitalization (while intubated), intravenous metoprolol was given, resulting in severe angioedema. The angioedema resolved after therapy with intravenous ENTC steroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND with previous myocardial infarctions, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus. A history of angioedema secondary to ENTC lisinopril ENTCEND
0	ENTC metoprolol ENTCEND .A 72-year-old woman was admitted to the hospital with "flash" pulmonary edema, preceded by chest pain, requiring intubation. Her medical history included ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC ADR ENTCEND caused ENTD cardiovascular arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiovascular toxicity ENTDEND  Earlier observations that ENTC ADR ENTCEND
1	ENTD Structural and functional impairment of mitochondria ENTDEND  in ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND
0	ENTC ADR ENTCEND  in ENTD cancer ENTDEND
1	ENTC ADR ENTCEND caused cardiovascular arrhythmias characterized by ENTD bradycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND -induced ENTD cardiomyopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC ADR ENTCEND caused cardiovascular arrhythmias characterized by bradycardia, extension of ventricular depolarization time (tQRS), and failure of QRS at high concentrations (10-14 mg/kg body weight cumulative dose); 2) the heart mitochondria underwent ENTD swelling ENTDEND
1	ENTD rigidity ENTDEND  after ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND
0	ENTD rigidity ENTDEND leading to respiratory failure is described in the post-operative period in an elderly patient who received a moderate dose of fentanyl. This was successfully reversed by ENTC naloxone ENTCEND
0	ENTC fentanyl ENTCEND  administration.A case of thoraco-abdominal rigidity leading to ENTD respiratory failure ENTDEND
0	ENTD respiratory failure ENTDEND is described in the post-operative period in an elderly patient who received a moderate dose of fentanyl. This was successfully reversed by ENTC naloxone ENTCEND
1	ENTD daytime sleepiness ENTDEND in chronic ENTC cocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC modafinil ENTCEND on sleep and ENTD daytime sleepiness ENTDEND
1	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND induced ENTD hypothyroidism ENTDEND
0	ENTC T3 ENTCEND . Patients with CHF on amiodarone may suffer serious morbidity and mortality from ENTD hypothyroidism ENTDEND
0	ENTC T4 ENTCEND  or intravenous tri-iodo-thyronine (T3). Patients with CHF on amiodarone may suffer serious morbidity and mortality from ENTD hypothyroidism ENTDEND
0	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND among CHF patients. The myriad clinical presentation of myxedema coma and its serious morbidity and mortality stresses the need to suspect this clinical syndrome among CHF patients presenting with ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC T3 ENTCEND . Patients with CHF on amiodarone may suffer serious morbidity and mortality from hypothyroidism, and thus may deserve closer follow up for thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) levels. This case report carries an important clinical application given the frequent usage of amiodarone among CHF patients. The myriad clinical presentation of myxedema coma and its serious morbidity and mortality stresses the need to suspect this clinical syndrome among CHF patients presenting with ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
0	ENTC T4 ENTCEND  or intravenous tri-iodo-thyronine (T3). Patients with CHF on amiodarone may suffer serious morbidity and mortality from hypothyroidism, and thus may deserve closer follow up for thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) levels. This case report carries an important clinical application given the frequent usage of amiodarone among CHF patients. The myriad clinical presentation of myxedema coma and its serious morbidity and mortality stresses the need to suspect this clinical syndrome among CHF patients presenting with ENTD hypotension ENTDEND
1	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND therapy. ENTD Myxedema coma ENTDEND
0	ENTD Myxedema coma ENTDEND is a life threatening condition that carries a mortality reaching as high as 20% with treatment. The condition is treated with intravenous thyroxine (T4) or intravenous ENTC tri-iodo-thyronine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Myxedema coma ENTDEND is a life threatening condition that carries a mortality reaching as high as 20% with treatment. The condition is treated with intravenous ENTC thyroxine ENTCEND
0	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND among CHF patients. The myriad clinical presentation of myxedema coma and its serious morbidity and mortality stresses the need to suspect this clinical syndrome among CHF patients presenting with hypotension, ENTD weakness ENTDEND
0	ENTC T3 ENTCEND . Patients with CHF on amiodarone may suffer serious morbidity and mortality from hypothyroidism, and thus may deserve closer follow up for thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) levels. This case report carries an important clinical application given the frequent usage of amiodarone among CHF patients. The myriad clinical presentation of myxedema coma and its serious morbidity and mortality stresses the need to suspect this clinical syndrome among CHF patients presenting with hypotension, ENTD weakness ENTDEND
0	ENTC T4 ENTCEND  or intravenous tri-iodo-thyronine (T3). Patients with CHF on amiodarone may suffer serious morbidity and mortality from hypothyroidism, and thus may deserve closer follow up for thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) levels. This case report carries an important clinical application given the frequent usage of amiodarone among CHF patients. The myriad clinical presentation of myxedema coma and its serious morbidity and mortality stresses the need to suspect this clinical syndrome among CHF patients presenting with hypotension, ENTD weakness ENTDEND
0	ENTD CHF ENTDEND on ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTC T3 ENTCEND . Patients with ENTD CHF ENTDEND
0	ENTC T4 ENTCEND  or intravenous tri-iodo-thyronine (T3). Patients with ENTD CHF ENTDEND
1	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND therapy. ENTD Myxedema coma ENTDEND
0	ENTD Myxedema coma ENTDEND is a life threatening condition that carries a mortality reaching as high as 20% with treatment. The condition is treated with intravenous thyroxine (T4) or intravenous ENTC tri-iodo-thyronine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Myxedema coma ENTDEND is a life threatening condition that carries a mortality reaching as high as 20% with treatment. The condition is treated with intravenous ENTC thyroxine ENTCEND
0	ENTD decreased thymus (P < 0.001) and bodyweights ENTDEND (P" < 0.01). Allopurinol decreased serum ENTC urate ENTCEND
1	ENTC Dex ENTCEND increased SBP (110 +/- 2-126 +/- 3 mmHg; P < 0.001) and ENTD decreased thymus (P < 0.001) and bodyweights ENTDEND
0	ENTD decreased thymus (P < 0.001) and bodyweights ENTDEND (P" < 0.01). ENTC Allopurinol ENTCEND
0	ENTC urate ENTCEND to assess XO inhibition. 5. Dex ENTD increased SBP ENTDEND
0	ENTC xanthine ENTCEND  oxidase in dexamethasone-induced ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
1	ENTC dex ENTCEND ENTD HT ENTDEND
0	ENTD HT ENTDEND  in the rat is associated with ENTC nitric oxide ENTCEND
0	ENTC Allopurinol ENTCEND did not prevent dex- ENTD HT ENTDEND
0	ENTD myocardial injury ENTDEND (epinephrine infusion) has been developed to study the cardioprotective effects of agents or maneuvers which might alter the evolution of acute myocardial infarction. Infusions of epinephrine (4 mug per kilogram per minute for 6 hours) increased ENTC radiocalcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC dipyridamole ENTCEND , and hydrocortisone on epinephrine-induced ENTD myocardial injury ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetylsalicylic acid ENTCEND , dipyridamole, and hydrocortisone on epinephrine-induced ENTD myocardial injury ENTDEND
0	ENTD myocardial injury ENTDEND (epinephrine infusion) has been developed to study the cardioprotective effects of agents or maneuvers which might alter the evolution of acute myocardial infarction. Infusions of epinephrine (4 mug per kilogram per minute for 6 hours) increased radiocalcium uptakes into intact myocardium and each of its subcellular components with the mitochondrial fraction showing the most consistent changes when compared to saline-infused control animals (4,957 vs. 827 counts per minute per gram of dried tissue or fraction). Myocardial concentrations of ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC hydrocortisone ENTCEND  on epinephrine-induced ENTD myocardial injury ENTDEND
1	ENTD myocardial injury ENTDEND ( ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND  Infusions of epinephrine (4 mug per kilogram per minute for 6 hours) increased ENTC radiocalcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC dipyridamole ENTCEND , and hydrocortisone on epinephrine-induced myocardial injury in dogs.A reproducible model for producing diffuse myocardial injury (epinephrine infusion) has been developed to study the cardioprotective effects of agents or maneuvers which might alter the evolution of acute ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetylsalicylic acid ENTCEND , dipyridamole, and hydrocortisone on epinephrine-induced myocardial injury in dogs.A reproducible model for producing diffuse myocardial injury (epinephrine infusion) has been developed to study the cardioprotective effects of agents or maneuvers which might alter the evolution of acute ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND  Infusions of epinephrine (4 mug per kilogram per minute for 6 hours) increased radiocalcium uptakes into intact myocardium and each of its subcellular components with the mitochondrial fraction showing the most consistent changes when compared to saline-infused control animals (4,957 vs. 827 counts per minute per gram of dried tissue or fraction). Myocardial concentrations of ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC hydrocortisone ENTCEND  on epinephrine-induced myocardial injury in dogs.A reproducible model for producing diffuse myocardial injury (epinephrine infusion) has been developed to study the cardioprotective effects of agents or maneuvers which might alter the evolution of acute ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND  Infusions of ENTC epinephrine ENTCEND
0	ENTC serotonin ENTCEND system in the development of ENTD RS ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND antagonist, suggesting the pathophysiologic influence of the serotonin system in the development of ENTD RS ENTDEND
0	ENTC trihexyphenidyl ENTCEND anticholinergic therapy. The underlying mechanism of ENTD withdrawal-emergent RS ENTDEND
1	ENTC risperidone ENTCEND . ENTD Rabbit syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTD withdrawal-emergent RS ENTDEND in the present case may have been related to the pharmacological profile of risperidone, a ENTC serotonin ENTCEND
0	ENTD withdrawal-emergent RS ENTDEND in the present case may have been related to the pharmacological profile of risperidone, a serotonin- ENTC dopamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC trihexyphenidyl ENTCEND anticholinergic therapy. The underlying mechanism of ENTD withdrawal-emergent RS ENTDEND
1	ENTD Withdrawal-emergent rabbit syndrome ENTDEND  during dose reduction of ENTC risperidone ENTCEND
0	ENTC angiotensin ENTCEND system proteins are altered in rats with ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND
1	ENTD NS ENTDEND induced by ENTC PAN ENTCEND
0	ENTC amsacrine ENTCEND  analogue CI-921 (NSC 343499) in non-small cell lung cancer.CI-921 (NSC 343499; 9-[[2-methoxy-4-[(methylsulphonyl)amino]phenyl]amino] -N,5-dimethyl- 4-acridinecarboxamide) is a topoisomerase II poison with high experimental antitumour activity. It was administered by 15 min infusion to 16 evaluable patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (7 with no prior treatment, 9 patients in relapse following surgery/radiotherapy) at a dose (648 mg/m2 divided over 3 days, repeated every 3 weeks) determined by phase I trial. Patients had a median performance status of 1 (WHO), and median age of 61 years. The histology comprised squamous carcinoma (11), adenocarcinoma (1), mixed histology (2), bronchio-alveolar carcinoma (1) and large cell undifferentiated carcinoma (1). Neutropenia grade greater than or equal to 3 was seen in 15 patients, ENTD infections ENTDEND
1	ENTC 9-[[2-methoxy-4-[(methylsulphonyl)amino]phenyl]amino] -N,5-dimethyl- 4-acridinecarboxamide ENTCEND  is a topoisomerase II poison with high experimental antitumour activity. It was administered by 15 min infusion to 16 evaluable patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (7 with no prior treatment, 9 patients in relapse following surgery/radiotherapy) at a dose (648 mg/m2 divided over 3 days, repeated every 3 weeks) determined by phase I trial. Patients had a median performance status of 1 (WHO), and median age of 61 years. The histology comprised squamous carcinoma (11), adenocarcinoma (1), mixed histology (2), bronchio-alveolar carcinoma (1) and large cell undifferentiated carcinoma (1). Neutropenia grade greater than or equal to 3 was seen in 15 patients, ENTD infections ENTDEND
0	ENTC amsacrine ENTCEND  analogue CI-921 (NSC 343499) in non-small cell lung cancer.CI-921 (NSC 343499; 9-[[2-methoxy-4-[(methylsulphonyl)amino]phenyl]amino] -N,5-dimethyl- 4-acridinecarboxamide) is a topoisomerase II poison with high experimental antitumour activity. It was administered by 15 min infusion to 16 evaluable patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (7 with no prior treatment, 9 patients in relapse following surgery/radiotherapy) at a dose (648 mg/m2 divided over 3 days, repeated every 3 weeks) determined by phase I trial. Patients had a median performance status of 1 (WHO), and median age of 61 years. The histology comprised squamous carcinoma (11), adenocarcinoma (1), mixed histology (2), bronchio-alveolar carcinoma (1) and large cell undifferentiated carcinoma (1). Neutropenia grade greater than or equal to 3 was seen in 15 patients, infections with recovery in 3, and grand mal seizures in 1 patient. Grade less than or equal to 2 nausea and ENTD vomiting ENTDEND
1	ENTC 9-[[2-methoxy-4-[(methylsulphonyl)amino]phenyl]amino] -N,5-dimethyl- 4-acridinecarboxamide ENTCEND  is a topoisomerase II poison with high experimental antitumour activity. It was administered by 15 min infusion to 16 evaluable patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (7 with no prior treatment, 9 patients in relapse following surgery/radiotherapy) at a dose (648 mg/m2 divided over 3 days, repeated every 3 weeks) determined by phase I trial. Patients had a median performance status of 1 (WHO), and median age of 61 years. The histology comprised squamous carcinoma (11), adenocarcinoma (1), mixed histology (2), bronchio-alveolar carcinoma (1) and large cell undifferentiated carcinoma (1). Neutropenia grade greater than or equal to 3 was seen in 15 patients, infections with recovery in 3, and grand mal seizures in 1 patient. Grade less than or equal to 2 nausea and ENTD vomiting ENTDEND
0	ENTC amsacrine ENTCEND  analogue CI-921 (NSC 343499) in non-small cell lung cancer.CI-921 (NSC 343499; 9-[[2-methoxy-4-[(methylsulphonyl)amino]phenyl]amino] -N,5-dimethyl- 4-acridinecarboxamide) is a topoisomerase II poison with high experimental antitumour activity. It was administered by 15 min infusion to 16 evaluable patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (7 with no prior treatment, 9 patients in relapse following surgery/radiotherapy) at a dose (648 mg/m2 divided over 3 days, repeated every 3 weeks) determined by phase I trial. Patients had a median performance status of 1 (WHO), and median age of 61 years. The histology comprised squamous carcinoma (11), adenocarcinoma (1), mixed histology (2), bronchio-alveolar carcinoma (1) and large cell undifferentiated carcinoma (1). Neutropenia grade greater than or equal to 3 was seen in 15 patients, infections with recovery in 3, and grand mal seizures in 1 patient. Grade less than or equal to 2 ENTD nausea ENTDEND
1	ENTC 9-[[2-methoxy-4-[(methylsulphonyl)amino]phenyl]amino] -N,5-dimethyl- 4-acridinecarboxamide ENTCEND  is a topoisomerase II poison with high experimental antitumour activity. It was administered by 15 min infusion to 16 evaluable patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (7 with no prior treatment, 9 patients in relapse following surgery/radiotherapy) at a dose (648 mg/m2 divided over 3 days, repeated every 3 weeks) determined by phase I trial. Patients had a median performance status of 1 (WHO), and median age of 61 years. The histology comprised squamous carcinoma (11), adenocarcinoma (1), mixed histology (2), bronchio-alveolar carcinoma (1) and large cell undifferentiated carcinoma (1). Neutropenia grade greater than or equal to 3 was seen in 15 patients, infections with recovery in 3, and grand mal seizures in 1 patient. Grade less than or equal to 2 ENTD nausea ENTDEND
0	ENTC amsacrine ENTCEND  analogue CI-921 (NSC 343499) in ENTD non-small cell lung cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTD non-small cell lung cancer ENTDEND . ENTC CI-921 ENTCEND
0	ENTC amsacrine ENTCEND  analogue CI-921 (NSC 343499) in non-small cell lung cancer.CI-921 (NSC 343499; 9-[[2-methoxy-4-[(methylsulphonyl)amino]phenyl]amino] -N,5-dimethyl- 4-acridinecarboxamide) is a topoisomerase II poison with high experimental antitumour activity. It was administered by 15 min infusion to 16 evaluable patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (7 with no prior treatment, 9 patients in relapse following surgery/radiotherapy) at a dose (648 mg/m2 divided over 3 days, repeated every 3 weeks) determined by phase I trial. Patients had a median performance status of 1 (WHO), and median age of 61 years. The histology comprised ENTD squamous carcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC 9-[[2-methoxy-4-[(methylsulphonyl)amino]phenyl]amino] -N,5-dimethyl- 4-acridinecarboxamide ENTCEND  is a topoisomerase II poison with high experimental antitumour activity. It was administered by 15 min infusion to 16 evaluable patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (7 with no prior treatment, 9 patients in relapse following surgery/radiotherapy) at a dose (648 mg/m2 divided over 3 days, repeated every 3 weeks) determined by phase I trial. Patients had a median performance status of 1 (WHO), and median age of 61 years. The histology comprised ENTD squamous carcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC amsacrine ENTCEND  analogue CI-921 (NSC 343499) in non-small cell lung cancer.CI-921 (NSC 343499; 9-[[2-methoxy-4-[(methylsulphonyl)amino]phenyl]amino] -N,5-dimethyl- 4-acridinecarboxamide) is a topoisomerase II poison with high experimental antitumour activity. It was administered by 15 min infusion to 16 evaluable patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (7 with no prior treatment, 9 patients in relapse following surgery/radiotherapy) at a dose (648 mg/m2 divided over 3 days, repeated every 3 weeks) determined by phase I trial. Patients had a median performance status of 1 (WHO), and median age of 61 years. The histology comprised squamous carcinoma (11), adenocarcinoma (1), mixed histology (2), bronchio-alveolar carcinoma (1) and large cell undifferentiated carcinoma (1). Neutropenia grade greater than or equal to 3 was seen in 15 patients, infections with recovery in 3, and grand mal ENTD seizures ENTDEND
1	ENTC 9-[[2-methoxy-4-[(methylsulphonyl)amino]phenyl]amino] -N,5-dimethyl- 4-acridinecarboxamide ENTCEND  is a topoisomerase II poison with high experimental antitumour activity. It was administered by 15 min infusion to 16 evaluable patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (7 with no prior treatment, 9 patients in relapse following surgery/radiotherapy) at a dose (648 mg/m2 divided over 3 days, repeated every 3 weeks) determined by phase I trial. Patients had a median performance status of 1 (WHO), and median age of 61 years. The histology comprised squamous carcinoma (11), adenocarcinoma (1), mixed histology (2), bronchio-alveolar carcinoma (1) and large cell undifferentiated carcinoma (1). Neutropenia grade greater than or equal to 3 was seen in 15 patients, infections with recovery in 3, and grand mal ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTC amsacrine ENTCEND  analogue CI-921 (NSC 343499) in non-small cell lung cancer.CI-921 (NSC 343499; 9-[[2-methoxy-4-[(methylsulphonyl)amino]phenyl]amino] -N,5-dimethyl- 4-acridinecarboxamide) is a topoisomerase II poison with high experimental antitumour activity. It was administered by 15 min infusion to 16 evaluable patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (7 with no prior treatment, 9 patients in relapse following surgery/radiotherapy) at a dose (648 mg/m2 divided over 3 days, repeated every 3 weeks) determined by phase I trial. Patients had a median performance status of 1 (WHO), and median age of 61 years. The histology comprised squamous carcinoma (11), ENTD adenocarcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC 9-[[2-methoxy-4-[(methylsulphonyl)amino]phenyl]amino] -N,5-dimethyl- 4-acridinecarboxamide ENTCEND  is a topoisomerase II poison with high experimental antitumour activity. It was administered by 15 min infusion to 16 evaluable patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (7 with no prior treatment, 9 patients in relapse following surgery/radiotherapy) at a dose (648 mg/m2 divided over 3 days, repeated every 3 weeks) determined by phase I trial. Patients had a median performance status of 1 (WHO), and median age of 61 years. The histology comprised squamous carcinoma (11), ENTD adenocarcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC amsacrine ENTCEND  analogue CI-921 (NSC 343499) in non-small cell lung cancer.CI-921 (NSC 343499; 9-[[2-methoxy-4-[(methylsulphonyl)amino]phenyl]amino] -N,5-dimethyl- 4-acridinecarboxamide) is a topoisomerase II poison with high experimental antitumour activity. It was administered by 15 min infusion to 16 evaluable patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (7 with no prior treatment, 9 patients in relapse following surgery/radiotherapy) at a dose (648 mg/m2 divided over 3 days, repeated every 3 weeks) determined by phase I trial. Patients had a median performance status of 1 (WHO), and median age of 61 years. The histology comprised squamous carcinoma (11), adenocarcinoma (1), mixed histology (2), ENTD bronchio-alveolar carcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC 9-[[2-methoxy-4-[(methylsulphonyl)amino]phenyl]amino] -N,5-dimethyl- 4-acridinecarboxamide ENTCEND  is a topoisomerase II poison with high experimental antitumour activity. It was administered by 15 min infusion to 16 evaluable patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (7 with no prior treatment, 9 patients in relapse following surgery/radiotherapy) at a dose (648 mg/m2 divided over 3 days, repeated every 3 weeks) determined by phase I trial. Patients had a median performance status of 1 (WHO), and median age of 61 years. The histology comprised squamous carcinoma (11), adenocarcinoma (1), mixed histology (2), ENTD bronchio-alveolar carcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC amsacrine ENTCEND  analogue CI-921 (NSC 343499) in non-small cell lung cancer.CI-921 (NSC 343499; 9-[[2-methoxy-4-[(methylsulphonyl)amino]phenyl]amino] -N,5-dimethyl- 4-acridinecarboxamide) is a topoisomerase II poison with high experimental antitumour activity. It was administered by 15 min infusion to 16 evaluable patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (7 with no prior treatment, 9 patients in relapse following surgery/radiotherapy) at a dose (648 mg/m2 divided over 3 days, repeated every 3 weeks) determined by phase I trial. Patients had a median performance status of 1 (WHO), and median age of 61 years. The histology comprised squamous carcinoma (11), adenocarcinoma (1), mixed histology (2), bronchio-alveolar carcinoma (1) and large cell ENTD undifferentiated carcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC 9-[[2-methoxy-4-[(methylsulphonyl)amino]phenyl]amino] -N,5-dimethyl- 4-acridinecarboxamide ENTCEND  is a topoisomerase II poison with high experimental antitumour activity. It was administered by 15 min infusion to 16 evaluable patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (7 with no prior treatment, 9 patients in relapse following surgery/radiotherapy) at a dose (648 mg/m2 divided over 3 days, repeated every 3 weeks) determined by phase I trial. Patients had a median performance status of 1 (WHO), and median age of 61 years. The histology comprised squamous carcinoma (11), adenocarcinoma (1), mixed histology (2), bronchio-alveolar carcinoma (1) and large cell ENTD undifferentiated carcinoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC amsacrine ENTCEND  analogue CI-921 (NSC 343499) in non-small cell lung cancer.CI-921 (NSC 343499; 9-[[2-methoxy-4-[(methylsulphonyl)amino]phenyl]amino] -N,5-dimethyl- 4-acridinecarboxamide) is a topoisomerase II poison with high experimental antitumour activity. It was administered by 15 min infusion to 16 evaluable patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (7 with no prior treatment, 9 patients in relapse following surgery/radiotherapy) at a dose (648 mg/m2 divided over 3 days, repeated every 3 weeks) determined by phase I trial. Patients had a median performance status of 1 (WHO), and median age of 61 years. The histology comprised squamous carcinoma (11), adenocarcinoma (1), mixed histology (2), bronchio-alveolar carcinoma (1) and large cell undifferentiated carcinoma (1). ENTD Neutropenia ENTDEND
1	ENTC 9-[[2-methoxy-4-[(methylsulphonyl)amino]phenyl]amino] -N,5-dimethyl- 4-acridinecarboxamide ENTCEND  is a topoisomerase II poison with high experimental antitumour activity. It was administered by 15 min infusion to 16 evaluable patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (7 with no prior treatment, 9 patients in relapse following surgery/radiotherapy) at a dose (648 mg/m2 divided over 3 days, repeated every 3 weeks) determined by phase I trial. Patients had a median performance status of 1 (WHO), and median age of 61 years. The histology comprised squamous carcinoma (11), adenocarcinoma (1), mixed histology (2), bronchio-alveolar carcinoma (1) and large cell undifferentiated carcinoma (1). ENTD Neutropenia ENTDEND
0	ENTC amsacrine ENTCEND  analogue CI-921 (NSC 343499) in non-small cell lung cancer.CI-921 (NSC 343499; 9-[[2-methoxy-4-[(methylsulphonyl)amino]phenyl]amino] -N,5-dimethyl- 4-acridinecarboxamide) is a topoisomerase II poison with high experimental antitumour activity. It was administered by 15 min infusion to 16 evaluable patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (7 with no prior treatment, 9 patients in relapse following surgery/radiotherapy) at a dose (648 mg/m2 divided over 3 days, repeated every 3 weeks) determined by phase I trial. Patients had a median performance status of 1 (WHO), and median age of 61 years. The histology comprised squamous carcinoma (11), adenocarcinoma (1), mixed histology (2), bronchio-alveolar carcinoma (1) and large cell undifferentiated carcinoma (1). Neutropenia grade greater than or equal to 3 was seen in 15 patients, infections with recovery in 3, and grand mal seizures in 1 patient. Grade less than or equal to 2 nausea and vomiting occurred in 66% courses and ENTD phlebitis ENTDEND
1	ENTC 9-[[2-methoxy-4-[(methylsulphonyl)amino]phenyl]amino] -N,5-dimethyl- 4-acridinecarboxamide ENTCEND  is a topoisomerase II poison with high experimental antitumour activity. It was administered by 15 min infusion to 16 evaluable patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (7 with no prior treatment, 9 patients in relapse following surgery/radiotherapy) at a dose (648 mg/m2 divided over 3 days, repeated every 3 weeks) determined by phase I trial. Patients had a median performance status of 1 (WHO), and median age of 61 years. The histology comprised squamous carcinoma (11), adenocarcinoma (1), mixed histology (2), bronchio-alveolar carcinoma (1) and large cell undifferentiated carcinoma (1). Neutropenia grade greater than or equal to 3 was seen in 15 patients, infections with recovery in 3, and grand mal seizures in 1 patient. Grade less than or equal to 2 nausea and vomiting occurred in 66% courses and ENTD phlebitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND shortly after ingesting oral ceftriaxone. Although the transaminases gradually returned to baseline after withholding the beta lactam antibiotic, there was a gradual increase in serum ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND shortly after ingesting oral ceftriaxone. Although the transaminases gradually returned to baseline after withholding the beta lactam antibiotic, there was a gradual increase in serum bilirubin and a decrease in hemoglobin concentration caused by an autoimmune hemolytic anemia and erythroblastocytopenia. These responded to systemic ENTC steroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND shortly after ingesting oral ceftriaxone. Although the transaminases gradually returned to baseline after withholding the ENTC beta lactam ENTCEND
1	ENTD hepatitis ENTDEND shortly after ingesting oral ENTC ceftriaxone ENTCEND
0	ENTC bilirubin ENTCEND and a decrease in hemoglobin concentration caused by an ENTD autoimmune hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD autoimmune hemolytic anemia ENTDEND and erythroblastocytopenia. These responded to systemic ENTC steroids ENTCEND
0	ENTC beta lactam ENTCEND antibiotic, there was a gradual increase in serum bilirubin and a decrease in hemoglobin concentration caused by an ENTD autoimmune hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
1	ENTD autoimmune hemolytic anemia ENTDEND , and erythroblastocytopenia induced by ENTC ceftriaxone ENTCEND
0	ENTD ovarian and breast carcinoma ENTDEND  Two phase II trials of 24-hour ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND
1	ENTD polyneuropathy ENTDEND  Similarly, grade 1 or 2 myalgia/arthralgia was observed in 63.2% of patients, but only 14.3% experienced grade 3 or 4. Nausea and vomiting were infrequent, with 14% of patients experiencing grade 1 or 2 and only 2% experiencing grade 3 or 4. ENTC Paclitaxel ENTCEND
1	ENTD myalgia ENTDEND arthralgia was observed in 63.2% of patients, but only 14.3% experienced grade 3 or 4. Nausea and vomiting were infrequent, with 14% of patients experiencing grade 1 or 2 and only 2% experiencing grade 3 or 4. ENTC Paclitaxel ENTCEND
1	ENTD vomiting ENTDEND were infrequent, with 14% of patients experiencing grade 1 or 2 and only 2% experiencing grade 3 or 4. ENTC Paclitaxel ENTCEND
0	ENTD tumor ENTDEND types, notably ovarian and breast carcinoma. Two phase II trials of 24-hour ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND
0	ENTD toxicity ENTDEND of a 3-hour ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND
0	ENTD ovarian and breast carcinoma ENTDEND  Two phase II trials of 24-hour ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND
1	ENTD Nausea ENTDEND and vomiting were infrequent, with 14% of patients experiencing grade 1 or 2 and only 2% experiencing grade 3 or 4. ENTC Paclitaxel ENTCEND
1	ENTC Paclitaxel ENTCEND 225 mg/m2 was infused over 3 hours every 3 weeks with standard prophylactic premedication. Of 50 patients evaluable for response, 12 (24%) had partial remission, 26 (52%) had no change, and 12 had disease progression (24%). Hematologic toxicities were mild: only one patient (2%) developed grade 3 or 4 ENTD neutropenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD leukopenia ENTDEND  We investigated the efficacy and toxicity of a 3-hour ENTC paclitaxel ENTCEND
0	ENTD NSCLC ENTDEND  ENTC Paclitaxel ENTCEND
1	ENTD arthralgia ENTDEND was observed in 63.2% of patients, but only 14.3% experienced grade 3 or 4. Nausea and vomiting were infrequent, with 14% of patients experiencing grade 1 or 2 and only 2% experiencing grade 3 or 4. ENTC Paclitaxel ENTCEND
1	ENTD paralysis ENTDEND after the discontinuance of these drugs have most often involved aminosteroid-based NMBAs such as ENTC vecuronium bromide ENTCEND
1	ENTC atracurium ENTCEND related ENTD paralysis ENTDEND
0	ENTC aspartate ENTCEND or glycine levels compared to controls in rat cortex and brain stem. Pretreatment of rats with thiosemicarbazide for 30 minutes abolished the anesthetic action as well as the respiratory depressant action of thiopental. 50 mg/kg, i.v. thiopental produced ENTD respiratory arrest ENTDEND
0	ENTD respiratory arrest ENTDEND with further increase in GABA and decrease in glutamate again in cortex and brain stem without affecting any of the amino acids studied in four regions of rat brain. ENTC Naloxone ENTCEND
0	ENTC thiopental ENTCEND produced ENTD respiratory arrest ENTDEND
0	ENTC thiosemicarbazide ENTCEND for 30 minutes abolished the anesthetic action as well as the respiratory depressant action of thiopental. 50 mg/kg, i.v. thiopental produced ENTD respiratory arrest ENTDEND
0	ENTC glycine ENTCEND levels compared to controls in rat cortex and brain stem. Pretreatment of rats with thiosemicarbazide for 30 minutes abolished the anesthetic action as well as the respiratory depressant action of thiopental. 50 mg/kg, i.v. thiopental produced ENTD respiratory arrest ENTDEND
0	ENTD respiratory arrest ENTDEND with further increase in ENTC GABA ENTCEND
0	ENTD respiratory arrest ENTDEND with further increase in GABA and decrease in glutamate again in cortex and brain stem without affecting any of the ENTC amino acids ENTCEND
0	ENTD respiratory arrest ENTDEND with further increase in GABA and decrease in ENTC glutamate ENTCEND
0	ENTD respiratory paralysis ENTDEND induced by thiopental in rats. 25 mg/kg, i.v. thiopental produced anesthesia without altering respiratory rate, increased GABA, decreased glutamate, and had no effect on ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTC naloxone ENTCEND reversed ENTD respiratory paralysis ENTDEND
1	ENTD respiratory paralysis ENTDEND induced by ENTC thiopental ENTCEND
0	ENTD respiratory paralysis ENTDEND induced by thiopental in rats. 25 mg/kg, i.v. thiopental produced anesthesia without altering respiratory rate, increased GABA, decreased glutamate, and had no effect on aspartate or glycine levels compared to controls in rat cortex and brain stem. Pretreatment of rats with ENTC thiosemicarbazide ENTCEND
0	ENTD respiratory paralysis ENTDEND induced by thiopental in rats. 25 mg/kg, i.v. thiopental produced anesthesia without altering respiratory rate, increased GABA, decreased glutamate, and had no effect on aspartate or ENTC glycine ENTCEND
0	ENTD respiratory paralysis ENTDEND  glutamate and ENTC GABA ENTCEND
0	ENTC amino acids ENTCEND studied in four regions of rat brain. Naloxone (2.5 mg/kg, i.v.) reversed ENTD respiratory paralysis ENTDEND
0	ENTD respiratory paralysis ENTDEND  ENTC glutamate ENTCEND
1	ENTC edrophonium ENTCEND induced ENTD bradycardias ENTDEND
0	ENTD bradycardias ENTDEND  This low dose of ENTC glycopyrronium ENTCEND
1	ENTC cocaine ENTCEND -induced ENTD seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  The stone passed spontaneously and was found to contain a triamterene metabolite admixed with ENTC uric acid salts ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND  The stone passed spontaneously and was found to contain a ENTC triamterene ENTCEND
0	ENTC hydrochlorothiazide-triamterene ENTCEND therapy for ENTD hypertension ENTDEND
0	ENTC uric acid salts ENTCEND  Factors affecting triamterene ENTD nephrolithiasis ENTDEND
1	ENTC Triamterene ENTCEND ENTD nephrolithiasis ENTDEND
0	ENTD nephrolithiasis ENTDEND  complicating ENTC dyazide ENTCEND
1	ENTC adriamycin ENTCEND as a chemotherapeutic agent. ENTD Cardiomyopathy ENTDEND
0	ENTC doxorubicin ENTCEND ENTD cardiotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC carbamazepine ENTCEND induced ENTD cognitive impairment ENTDEND
0	ENTC glutathione ENTCEND levels were estimated. The administration of phenobarbitone and carbamazepine for 21days caused a significant ENTD impairment of learning and memory ENTDEND
1	ENTD cognitive dysfunction ENTDEND  and oxidative damage in ENTC phenobarbitone ENTCEND
0	ENTC malondialdehyde ENTCEND and reduced glutathione levels were estimated. The administration of phenobarbitone and carbamazepine for 21days caused a significant ENTD impairment of learning and memory ENTDEND
0	ENTC Curcumin ENTCEND  ameliorates ENTD cognitive dysfunction ENTDEND
1	ENTD Veno-occlusive liver disease ENTDEND  after ENTC dacarbazine ENTCEND
0	ENTC DTIC ENTCEND  therapy for melanoma is reported. There was a fulminant clinical course from start of symptoms until ENTD death ENTDEND
0	ENTC DTIC ENTCEND  therapy for melanoma is reported. There was a fulminant clinical course from start of symptoms until death. At autopsy the liver was enlarged and firm with signs of ENTD venous congestion ENTDEND
0	ENTC DTIC ENTCEND  therapy for melanoma is reported. There was a fulminant clinical course from start of symptoms until death. At autopsy the liver was enlarged and firm with signs of venous congestion. Small- and medium-sized hepatic veins were blocked by ENTD thrombosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC DTIC ENTCEND ) for ENTD melanoma ENTDEND
0	ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND properties. Although initially thought to be free of extrapyramidal side effects, sulpiride-induced ENTD tardive dyskinesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC sulpiride ENTCEND induced ENTD tardive dyskinesia ENTDEND
0	ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND properties. Although initially thought to be free of extrapyramidal side effects, sulpiride-induced tardive dyskinesia and ENTD parkinsonism ENTDEND
0	ENTC sulpiride ENTCEND induced tardive dyskinesia and ENTD parkinsonism ENTDEND
0	ENTD tardive dystonia ENTDEND .Sulpiride is a selective D2-receptor antagonist with antipsychotic and ENTC antidepressant ENTCEND
1	ENTD tardive dystonia ENTDEND . ENTC Sulpiride ENTCEND
1	ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND treatment resulted in improvements in ENTD fever ENTDEND
0	ENTD fever ENTDEND  red eyes, chest pain, titer of C-reactive protein and volume of the pleural effusions, we initiated ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND treatment resulted in improvements in fever, ENTD red eyes ENTDEND
0	ENTD red eyes ENTDEND  chest pain, titer of C-reactive protein and volume of the pleural effusions, we initiated ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTD urinary abnormalities ENTDEND after restarting of ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND
0	ENTD urinary abnormalities ENTDEND after restarting of sulphasalazine treatment. Light microscopy of a kidney biopsy revealed segmental necrotizing glomerulonephritis without deposition of immunoglobulin or complement. Proteinase 3-antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (PR3-ANCA) titer was elevated at 183 ELISA units (EU) in sera (normal range less than 10 EU), myeloperoxidase-ANCA was negative. PR3-ANCA titer was 250 and 1,070 EU in pleural effusions on right and left side, respectively. Although cessation of sulphasalazine treatment resulted in improvements in fever, red eyes, chest pain, titer of C-reactive protein and volume of the pleural effusions, we initiated ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND treatment resulted in improvements in fever, red eyes, ENTD chest pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD chest pain ENTDEND  titer of C-reactive protein and volume of the pleural effusions, we initiated ENTC steroid ENTCEND
1	ENTD pleural effusion ENTDEND  eosinophilia and urinary abnormalities after restarting of ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND
0	ENTC steroid ENTCEND therapy, the ENTD pleural effusion ENTDEND
0	ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND  treatment.A 59-year-old woman with ENTD ulcerative colitis ENTDEND
0	ENTD ulcerative colitis ENTDEND developed red eyes, pleural effusion, eosinophilia and urinary abnormalities after restarting of sulphasalazine treatment. Light microscopy of a kidney biopsy revealed segmental necrotizing glomerulonephritis without deposition of immunoglobulin or complement. Proteinase 3-antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (PR3-ANCA) titer was elevated at 183 ELISA units (EU) in sera (normal range less than 10 EU), myeloperoxidase-ANCA was negative. PR3-ANCA titer was 250 and 1,070 EU in pleural effusions on right and left side, respectively. Although cessation of sulphasalazine treatment resulted in improvements in fever, red eyes, chest pain, titer of C-reactive protein and volume of the pleural effusions, we initiated ENTC steroid ENTCEND
1	ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND treatment. Light microscopy of a kidney biopsy revealed ENTD segmental necrotizing glomerulonephritis ENTDEND
0	ENTD segmental necrotizing glomerulonephritis ENTDEND without deposition of immunoglobulin or complement. Proteinase 3-antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (PR3-ANCA) titer was elevated at 183 ELISA units (EU) in sera (normal range less than 10 EU), myeloperoxidase-ANCA was negative. PR3-ANCA titer was 250 and 1,070 EU in pleural effusions on right and left side, respectively. Although cessation of sulphasalazine treatment resulted in improvements in fever, red eyes, chest pain, titer of C-reactive protein and volume of the pleural effusions, we initiated ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTD glomerulonephritis ENTDEND  after restarting ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND
0	ENTC steroid ENTCEND therapy, the pleural effusion disappeared, and PR3-ANCA titer normalized 3 months later. This case suggests that sulphasalazine can induce PR3-ANCA-positive necrotizing ENTD glomerulonephritis ENTDEND
0	ENTD eosinophilia ENTDEND and urinary abnormalities after restarting of ENTC sulphasalazine ENTCEND
0	ENTD eosinophilia ENTDEND and urinary abnormalities after restarting of sulphasalazine treatment. Light microscopy of a kidney biopsy revealed segmental necrotizing glomerulonephritis without deposition of immunoglobulin or complement. Proteinase 3-antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (PR3-ANCA) titer was elevated at 183 ELISA units (EU) in sera (normal range less than 10 EU), myeloperoxidase-ANCA was negative. PR3-ANCA titer was 250 and 1,070 EU in pleural effusions on right and left side, respectively. Although cessation of sulphasalazine treatment resulted in improvements in fever, red eyes, chest pain, titer of C-reactive protein and volume of the pleural effusions, we initiated ENTC steroid ENTCEND
0	ENTC steroids ENTCEND  The Registry for ENTD Liver Tumors ENTDEND
1	ENTD liver tumors ENTDEND  associated with ENTC oral contraceptives ENTCEND
0	ENTD hamartoma ENTDEND  and hepatoma. Significant statistical etiologic factors include prolonged uninterrupted usage of oral contraceptive ENTC steroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD hamartoma ENTDEND  and hepatoma. Significant statistical etiologic factors include prolonged uninterrupted usage of ENTC oral contraceptive ENTCEND
0	ENTC steroids ENTCEND  Eight deaths and liver ENTD rupture ENTDEND
0	ENTC oral contraceptive ENTCEND steroids. Eight deaths and liver ENTD rupture ENTDEND
0	ENTD adenoma ENTDEND  hamartoma, and hepatoma. Significant statistical etiologic factors include prolonged uninterrupted usage of oral contraceptive ENTC steroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD adenoma ENTDEND  hamartoma, and hepatoma. Significant statistical etiologic factors include prolonged uninterrupted usage of ENTC oral contraceptive ENTCEND
0	ENTD hepatoma ENTDEND  Significant statistical etiologic factors include prolonged uninterrupted usage of oral contraceptive ENTC steroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD hepatoma ENTDEND  Significant statistical etiologic factors include prolonged uninterrupted usage of ENTC oral contraceptive ENTCEND
0	ENTD focal nodular hyperplasia ENTDEND  adenoma, hamartoma, and hepatoma. Significant statistical etiologic factors include prolonged uninterrupted usage of oral contraceptive ENTC steroids ENTCEND
0	ENTD focal nodular hyperplasia ENTDEND  adenoma, hamartoma, and hepatoma. Significant statistical etiologic factors include prolonged uninterrupted usage of ENTC oral contraceptive ENTCEND
0	ENTD CHC ENTDEND . Ophthalmologic examinations showed ptosis on the right upper lid and restricted right eye movement without any other neurological signs. A brain imaging study and repetitive nerve stimulation test indicated no abnormality. The ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTC pegylated IFN alpha-2b ENTCEND and ribavirin for ENTD CHC ENTDEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND for ENTD CHC ENTDEND
0	ENTD diplopia ENTDEND after 9 weeks of administration of pegylated interferon (IFN) alpha-2b and ribavirin for chronic hepatitis C (CHC). Ophthalmologic examinations showed ptosis on the right upper lid and restricted right eye movement without any other neurological signs. A brain imaging study and repetitive nerve stimulation test indicated no abnormality. The ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTD diplopia ENTDEND after 9 weeks of administration of ENTC pegylated interferon (IFN) alpha-2b ENTCEND
0	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND  treatment for chronic hepatitis C.A 63-year-old male experienced sudden ENTD diplopia ENTDEND
0	ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND receptor antibody titer and response to acetylcholinesterase inhibitors were negative, and the results of thyroid function tests were normal. The patient's ophthalmological symptoms improved rapidly 3 weeks after discontinuation of pegylated IFN alpha-2b and ribavirin. The ENTD ocular myasthenia ENTDEND
1	ENTD ocular myasthenia ENTDEND  during ENTC pegylated interferon ENTCEND
1	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND  The ENTD ocular myasthenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD ptosis on the right upper lid ENTDEND and restricted right eye movement without any other neurological signs. A brain imaging study and repetitive nerve stimulation test indicated no abnormality. The ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
1	ENTC pegylated interferon (IFN) alpha-2b ENTCEND and ribavirin for chronic hepatitis C (CHC). Ophthalmologic examinations showed ENTD ptosis on the right upper lid ENTDEND
1	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND for chronic hepatitis C (CHC). Ophthalmologic examinations showed ENTD ptosis on the right upper lid ENTDEND
0	ENTD restricted right eye movement ENTDEND without any other neurological signs. A brain imaging study and repetitive nerve stimulation test indicated no abnormality. The ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
1	ENTC pegylated interferon (IFN) alpha-2b ENTCEND and ribavirin for chronic hepatitis C (CHC). Ophthalmologic examinations showed ptosis on the right upper lid and ENTD restricted right eye movement ENTDEND
1	ENTC ribavirin ENTCEND for chronic hepatitis C (CHC). Ophthalmologic examinations showed ptosis on the right upper lid and ENTD restricted right eye movement ENTDEND
0	ENTD inflammation ENTDEND of the liver capsule, necrosis, and steatosis throughout the study. The liver levels of beta-oxidation metabolites of ENTC VPA ENTCEND
0	ENTC LPO ENTCEND levels were not elevated until day 7 of treatment (1.8-fold versus control, p < 0.05). Liver and plasma TBARs were not increased until 14 days (2-fold vs. control, p < 0.05). Liver toxicity was evaluated based on serum levels of alpha-glutathione S-transferase (alpha-GST) and by histology. Serum alpha-GST levels were significantly elevated by day 4, which corresponded to hepatotoxicity as shown by the increasing incidence of ENTD inflammation ENTDEND
0	ENTD inflammation ENTDEND of the liver capsule, necrosis, and steatosis throughout the study. The liver levels of beta-oxidation metabolites of VPA were decreased by day 14, while the levels of ENTC 4-ene-VPA ENTCEND
0	ENTD inflammation ENTDEND of the liver capsule, necrosis, and steatosis throughout the study. The liver levels of beta-oxidation metabolites of VPA were decreased by day 14, while the levels of 4-ene-VPA and (E)-2,4-diene-VPA were not elevated throughout the study. Overall, these findings indicate that VPA treatment results in oxidative stress, as measured by levels of ENTC 15-F(2t)-IsoP ENTCEND
0	ENTC TBARs ENTCEND were not increased until 14 days (2-fold vs. control, p < 0.05). Liver toxicity was evaluated based on serum levels of alpha-glutathione S-transferase (alpha-GST) and by histology. Serum alpha-GST levels were significantly elevated by day 4, which corresponded to hepatotoxicity as shown by the increasing incidence of ENTD inflammation ENTDEND
0	ENTD inflammation ENTDEND of the liver capsule, necrosis, and steatosis throughout the study. The liver levels of beta-oxidation metabolites of VPA were decreased by day 14, while the levels of 4-ene-VPA and (E)- ENTC 2,4-diene-VPA ENTCEND
0	ENTC glutathione ENTCEND S-transferase (alpha-GST) and by histology. Serum alpha-GST levels were significantly elevated by day 4, which corresponded to hepatotoxicity as shown by the increasing incidence of ENTD inflammation ENTDEND
1	ENTD liver toxicity ENTDEND , and ENTC valproic acid ENTCEND
1	ENTC LPO ENTCEND levels were not elevated until day 7 of treatment (1.8-fold versus control, p < 0.05). Liver and plasma TBARs were not increased until 14 days (2-fold vs. control, p < 0.05). ENTD Liver toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND as shown by the increasing incidence of inflammation of the liver capsule, necrosis, and steatosis throughout the study. The liver levels of beta-oxidation metabolites of VPA were decreased by day 14, while the levels of ENTC 4-ene-VPA ENTCEND
1	ENTC 15-F(2t)-IsoP ENTCEND . To determine whether there was a temporal relationship between VPA-associated oxidative stress and ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND
1	ENTC TBARs ENTCEND were not increased until 14 days (2-fold vs. control, p < 0.05). ENTD Liver toxicity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hepatotoxicity ENTDEND as shown by the increasing incidence of inflammation of the liver capsule, necrosis, and steatosis throughout the study. The liver levels of beta-oxidation metabolites of VPA were decreased by day 14, while the levels of 4-ene-VPA and (E)- ENTC 2,4-diene-VPA ENTCEND
0	ENTD Liver toxicity ENTDEND was evaluated based on serum levels of alpha- ENTC glutathione ENTCEND
1	ENTD steatosis ENTDEND throughout the study. The liver levels of beta-oxidation metabolites of ENTC VPA ENTCEND
0	ENTC LPO ENTCEND levels were not elevated until day 7 of treatment (1.8-fold versus control, p < 0.05). Liver and plasma TBARs were not increased until 14 days (2-fold vs. control, p < 0.05). Liver toxicity was evaluated based on serum levels of alpha-glutathione S-transferase (alpha-GST) and by histology. Serum alpha-GST levels were significantly elevated by day 4, which corresponded to hepatotoxicity as shown by the increasing incidence of inflammation of the liver capsule, necrosis, and ENTD steatosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD steatosis ENTDEND throughout the study. The liver levels of beta-oxidation metabolites of VPA were decreased by day 14, while the levels of ENTC 4-ene-VPA ENTCEND
0	ENTC 15-F(2t)-IsoP ENTCEND  which precedes the onset of necrosis, ENTD steatosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC TBARs ENTCEND were not increased until 14 days (2-fold vs. control, p < 0.05). Liver toxicity was evaluated based on serum levels of alpha-glutathione S-transferase (alpha-GST) and by histology. Serum alpha-GST levels were significantly elevated by day 4, which corresponded to hepatotoxicity as shown by the increasing incidence of inflammation of the liver capsule, necrosis, and ENTD steatosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD steatosis ENTDEND throughout the study. The liver levels of beta-oxidation metabolites of VPA were decreased by day 14, while the levels of 4-ene-VPA and (E)- ENTC 2,4-diene-VPA ENTCEND
0	ENTC glutathione ENTCEND S-transferase (alpha-GST) and by histology. Serum alpha-GST levels were significantly elevated by day 4, which corresponded to hepatotoxicity as shown by the increasing incidence of inflammation of the liver capsule, necrosis, and ENTD steatosis ENTDEND
1	ENTD necrosis ENTDEND  and steatosis throughout the study. The liver levels of beta-oxidation metabolites of ENTC VPA ENTCEND
0	ENTC LPO ENTCEND levels were not elevated until day 7 of treatment (1.8-fold versus control, p < 0.05). Liver and plasma TBARs were not increased until 14 days (2-fold vs. control, p < 0.05). Liver toxicity was evaluated based on serum levels of alpha-glutathione S-transferase (alpha-GST) and by histology. Serum alpha-GST levels were significantly elevated by day 4, which corresponded to hepatotoxicity as shown by the increasing incidence of inflammation of the liver capsule, ENTD necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD necrosis ENTDEND  and steatosis throughout the study. The liver levels of beta-oxidation metabolites of VPA were decreased by day 14, while the levels of ENTC 4-ene-VPA ENTCEND
0	ENTC 15-F(2t)-IsoP ENTCEND  which precedes the onset of ENTD necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC TBARs ENTCEND were not increased until 14 days (2-fold vs. control, p < 0.05). Liver toxicity was evaluated based on serum levels of alpha-glutathione S-transferase (alpha-GST) and by histology. Serum alpha-GST levels were significantly elevated by day 4, which corresponded to hepatotoxicity as shown by the increasing incidence of inflammation of the liver capsule, ENTD necrosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD necrosis ENTDEND  and steatosis throughout the study. The liver levels of beta-oxidation metabolites of VPA were decreased by day 14, while the levels of 4-ene-VPA and (E)- ENTC 2,4-diene-VPA ENTCEND
0	ENTC glutathione ENTCEND S-transferase (alpha-GST) and by histology. Serum alpha-GST levels were significantly elevated by day 4, which corresponded to hepatotoxicity as shown by the increasing incidence of inflammation of the liver capsule, ENTD necrosis ENTDEND
1	ENTC puromycin aminonucleoside ENTCEND induced ENTD nephrotic syndrome ENTDEND
1	ENTD hypoxia ENTDEND in the ENTC puromycin aminonucleoside ENTCEND
0	ENTD hypertension ENTDEND .Despite the increasing need to identify and quantify tissue oxygenation at the cellular level, relatively few methods have been available. In this study, we developed a new hypoxia-responsive reporter vector using a hypoxia-responsive element of the 5' vascular endothelial growth factor untranslated region and generated a novel hypoxia-sensing transgenic rat. We then applied this animal model to the detection of tubulointerstitial hypoxia in the diseased kidney. With this model, we were able to identify diffuse cortical hypoxia in the ENTC puromycin aminonucleoside ENTCEND
0	ENTD diseased kidney ENTDEND  With this model, we were able to identify diffuse cortical hypoxia in the ENTC puromycin aminonucleoside ENTCEND
0	ENTD proteinuria ENTDEND  and/or glomerular hypertension.Despite the increasing need to identify and quantify tissue oxygenation at the cellular level, relatively few methods have been available. In this study, we developed a new hypoxia-responsive reporter vector using a hypoxia-responsive element of the 5' vascular endothelial growth factor untranslated region and generated a novel hypoxia-sensing transgenic rat. We then applied this animal model to the detection of tubulointerstitial hypoxia in the diseased kidney. With this model, we were able to identify diffuse cortical hypoxia in the ENTC puromycin aminonucleoside ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND has been found in some, but not all, studies. We investigated this association, according to the type of progestagen included in third-generation (i.e., desogestrel or gestodene) and second-generation (i.e., ENTC levonorgestrel ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND has been found in some, but not all, studies. We investigated this association, according to the type of progestagen included in third-generation (i.e., desogestrel or ENTC gestodene ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND has been found in some, but not all, studies. We investigated this association, according to the type of ENTC progestagen ENTCEND
0	ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND has been found in some, but not all, studies. We investigated this association, according to the type of progestagen included in third-generation (i.e., ENTC desogestrel ENTCEND
1	ENTC oral contraceptives ENTCEND  The risk of ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
0	ENTC estrogen ENTCEND  and the presence or absence of prothrombotic mutations METHODS: In a nationwide, population-based, case-control study, we identified and enrolled 248 women 18 through 49 years of age who had had a first ENTD myocardial infarction ENTDEND
1	ENTD Subarachnoid and cerebral hemorrhage ENTDEND was noted in 18% of the hypertensive rats. A single PPA/ ENTC caffeine ENTCEND
1	ENTD Subarachnoid and cerebral hemorrhage ENTDEND was noted in 18% of the hypertensive rats. A single ENTC PPA ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND rats. A single PPA/ ENTC caffeine ENTCEND
1	ENTD hypertensive ENTDEND rats. A single ENTC PPA ENTCEND
0	ENTC caffeine ENTCEND can lead to ENTD stroke ENTDEND
1	ENTC PPA ENTCEND caffeine can lead to ENTD stroke ENTDEND
1	ENTC caffeine ENTCEND can lead to ENTD cerebral hemorrhage ENTDEND
1	ENTC PPA ENTCEND caffeine can lead to ENTD cerebral hemorrhage ENTDEND
0	ENTD hepatitis B ENTDEND immune globulin (HBIG) and at least three injections of plasma derived ENTC hepatitis B vaccine ENTCEND
1	ENTC HBsAg ENTCEND  and hepatitis B e antigen (HBeAg) positive mothers. These infants are treated with two injections of ENTD hepatitis B ENTDEND
1	ENTC HBeAg ENTCEND  positive mothers. These infants are treated with two injections of ENTD hepatitis B ENTDEND
0	ENTC morphine ENTCEND in a persistent ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC NMDA ENTCEND antagonists and morphine in a persistent ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND  model of persistent ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC dextromethorphan ENTCEND was seen in both males and females in the acute pain models, with the magnitude of this effect being greater in males. These findings demonstrate a sexually-dimorphic interaction between NMDA antagonists and morphine in a persistent ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC morphine ENTCEND to a greater extent in males than females. The purpose of this investigation was to extend these findings to a persistent pain model which could be distinguished from acute pain models on the basis of the nociceptive fibers activated, neurochemical substrates, and duration of the nociceptive stimulus. To this end, persistent ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND was induced by administration of capsaicin in the tail of gonadally intact F344 rats, following which the tail was immersed in a mildly noxious thermal stimulus, and tail-withdrawal latencies measured. For comparison, tests were conducted in two acute pain models, the hotplate and warm water tail-withdrawal procedures. In males, the non-competitive ENTC NMDA ENTCEND
1	ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND was induced by administration of ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperalgesia ENTDEND was induced by administration of capsaicin in the tail of gonadally intact F344 rats, following which the tail was immersed in a mildly noxious thermal stimulus, and tail-withdrawal latencies measured. For comparison, tests were conducted in two acute pain models, the hotplate and warm water tail-withdrawal procedures. In males, the non-competitive NMDA antagonist ENTC dextromethorphan ENTCEND
0	ENTC morphine ENTCEND in a persistent pain model that can be distinguished from those observed in ENTD acute pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD acute pain ENTDEND models, ENTC N-methyl-D-aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTC capsaicin ENTCEND  model of persistent pain: comparisons to two models of ENTD acute pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC dextromethorphan ENTCEND was seen in both males and females in the ENTD acute pain ENTDEND
1	ENTD cholestatic hepatitis ENTDEND due to ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
1	ENTD cirrhosis of the liver ENTDEND  Patients receiving ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTD tachyarrhythmias ENTDEND  The use of ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
0	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND should be regularly screened with respect to hepatic enzyme levels. Therapy should be discontinued on the suspicion of cholestatic injury or ENTD hepatomegaly ENTDEND
1	ENTD Hepatotoxicity ENTDEND  of ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND
1	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND treatment, including ENTD steatosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC amiodarone ENTCEND treatment, including steatosis, alterations resembling ENTD alcoholic hepatitis ENTDEND
1	ENTC vitamin D2 ENTCEND and cholesterol to induce ENTD atherosclerosis ENTDEND
0	ENTC histamine ENTCEND to gastric hemorrhage and to ulcer was found in those ENTD atherosclerotic ENTDEND
0	ENTC luminal ENTCEND hemoglobin content and ulcer areas were determined. Elevated ENTD atherosclerotic ENTDEND
1	ENTC cholesterol ENTCEND to induce ENTD atherosclerosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD atherosclerotic ENTDEND parameters, such as serum ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC verapamil ENTCEND  ENTD Atherosclerosis ENTDEND
1	ENTD gastric hemorrhage ENTDEND and ulcer in rats with atherosclerosis induced by coadministration of ENTC vitamin D2 ENTCEND
0	ENTC histamine ENTCEND to ENTD gastric hemorrhage ENTDEND
0	ENTC luminal ENTCEND hemoglobin content were also observed in these rats. Moreover, a positive correlation of histamine to ENTD gastric hemorrhage ENTDEND
1	ENTD gastric hemorrhage ENTDEND and ulcer in rats with atherosclerosis induced by coadministration of vitamin D2 and ENTC cholesterol ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium ENTCEND  total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein concentration were obtained in atherosclerotic rats. Severe gastric ulcers accompanied with increased ulcerogenic factors, including gastric acid back-diffusion, histamine release, LPO generation and luminal hemoglobin content were also observed in these rats. Moreover, a positive correlation of histamine to ENTD gastric hemorrhage ENTDEND
0	ENTC verapamil ENTCEND  on ENTD gastric hemorrhagic ENTDEND
1	ENTD ulcer ENTDEND in rats with atherosclerosis induced by coadministration of ENTC vitamin D2 ENTCEND
0	ENTC histamine ENTCEND to gastric hemorrhage and to ENTD ulcer ENTDEND
0	ENTC luminal ENTCEND hemoglobin content and ENTD ulcer ENTDEND
1	ENTC cholesterol ENTCEND  Additionally, the protective effect of verapamil on this ENTD ulcer ENTDEND
0	ENTD ulcer ENTDEND areas were determined. Elevated atherosclerotic parameters, such as serum ENTC calcium ENTCEND
0	ENTC verapamil ENTCEND on this ENTD ulcer ENTDEND
0	ENTC penicillamine ENTCEND  and chloroquine therapy for ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND
0	ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND  Although ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND  therapy for ENTD rheumatoid arthritis ENTDEND
1	ENTD myasthenia gravis ENTDEND after ENTC penicillamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD myasthenia gravis ENTDEND after penicillamine and chloroquine therapy for rheumatoid arthritis. Although ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
1	ENTD myasthenia gravis ENTDEND after penicillamine and ENTC chloroquine ENTCEND
0	ENTC midazolam ENTCEND group (p < 0.002). ENTD Pain ENTDEND
0	ENTD Pain ENTDEND at the injection site occurred in 35% (22 of 62) of patients in the ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND use, and ENTD pain ENTDEND
0	ENTC midazolam ENTCEND group (p < 0.001). ENTD Swelling ENTDEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND group compared with 7% (4 of 60 patients) in the midazolam group (p < 0.001). ENTD Swelling ENTDEND
0	ENTD Swelling ENTDEND and warmth at the injection site were not significantly different between the two groups. Smoking, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug use, intravenous catheter site, dwell time of the needle, ENTC alcohol ENTCEND
1	ENTD Venous complications ENTDEND  of ENTC midazolam ENTCEND
1	ENTD Venous complications ENTDEND  of midazolam versus ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTC alcohol ENTCEND use, and pain during the injection had no effect on the incidence of ENTD venous complications ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND and reducing apomorphine-induced climbing in mice. Such effects of THP were reversed by RAMH indicating the involvement of ENTC histamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND induced catalepsy, reducing amphetamine-induced ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
1	ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND induced ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND and reducing apomorphine-induced climbing in mice. Such effects of THP were reversed by ENTC RAMH ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND  ENTC THP ENTCEND
0	ENTD hyperactivity ENTDEND and reducing ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND
0	ENTC histamine ENTCEND H(3)-receptor ligands on neuroleptic-induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
1	ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND induced ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND  reducing ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND times (P < 0.05). However, pretreatment with ENTC RAMH ENTCEND
1	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND  Administration of ENTC THP ENTCEND
0	ENTD catalepsy ENTDEND  ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND
0	ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND  The present study was designed to study the effect of ENTC histamine ENTCEND
0	ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND  The present study was designed to study the effect of histamine H(3)-receptor ligands on neuroleptic-induced catalepsy, apomorphine-induced climbing behavior and amphetamine-induced locomotor activities in mice. Catalepsy was induced by ENTC haloperidol ENTCEND
0	ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND  The present study was designed to study the effect of histamine H(3)-receptor ligands on neuroleptic-induced catalepsy, apomorphine-induced climbing behavior and ENTC amphetamine ENTCEND
0	ENTC RAMH ENTCEND indicating the involvement of histamine H(3)-receptors. Findings suggest a potential for H(3)-receptor antagonists in improving the refractory cases of ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND
0	ENTC thioperamide ENTCEND , a selective H3-receptor antagonist in mice.Experimental and clinical evidence points to a role of central histaminergic system in the pathogenesis of ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND
0	ENTD schizophrenia ENTDEND  The present study was designed to study the effect of histamine H(3)-receptor ligands on neuroleptic-induced catalepsy, ENTC apomorphine ENTCEND
1	ENTD NMS ENTDEND like symptoms can occur after combined ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND to treat his symptoms. 7 days later, the fever disappeared and the patient's serum CPK levels were normalized (175 IU/L). This patient presented with symptoms of ENTD neuroleptic malignant syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC aspartate ENTCEND aminotransferase (134 IU/L), alanine aminotransferase (78 IU/L), and BUN (27.9 mg/ml) levels. The patient received bromocriptine and diazepam to treat his symptoms. 7 days later, the fever disappeared and the patient's serum CPK levels were normalized (175 IU/L). This patient presented with symptoms of ENTD neuroleptic malignant syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND and diazepam to treat his symptoms. 7 days later, the fever disappeared and the patient's serum CPK levels were normalized (175 IU/L). This patient presented with symptoms of ENTD neuroleptic malignant syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC alanine ENTCEND aminotransferase (78 IU/L), and BUN (27.9 mg/ml) levels. The patient received bromocriptine and diazepam to treat his symptoms. 7 days later, the fever disappeared and the patient's serum CPK levels were normalized (175 IU/L). This patient presented with symptoms of ENTD neuroleptic malignant syndrome ENTDEND
0	ENTC creatine ENTCEND phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), alanine aminotransferase (78 IU/L), and BUN (27.9 mg/ml) levels. The patient received bromocriptine and diazepam to treat his symptoms. 7 days later, the fever disappeared and the patient's serum CPK levels were normalized (175 IU/L). This patient presented with symptoms of ENTD neuroleptic malignant syndrome ENTDEND
1	ENTD NMS ENTDEND like symptoms can occur after combined paroxetine and ENTC alprazolam ENTCEND
0	ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe ENTD extrapyramidal symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTD extrapyramidal symptoms ENTDEND  Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), alanine aminotransferase (78 IU/L), and BUN (27.9 mg/ml) levels. The patient received bromocriptine and ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTD extrapyramidal symptoms ENTDEND  Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTD extrapyramidal symptoms ENTDEND  Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), alanine aminotransferase (78 IU/L), and BUN (27.9 mg/ml) levels. The patient received ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND
0	ENTD extrapyramidal symptoms ENTDEND  Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD extrapyramidal symptoms ENTDEND  Laboratory tests showed an elevation of ENTC creatine ENTCEND
0	ENTC alprazolam ENTCEND treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe ENTD extrapyramidal symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a ENTD fever ENTDEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND to treat his symptoms. 7 days later, the ENTD fever ENTDEND
0	ENTC aspartate ENTCEND aminotransferase (134 IU/L), alanine aminotransferase (78 IU/L), and BUN (27.9 mg/ml) levels. The patient received bromocriptine and diazepam to treat his symptoms. 7 days later, the ENTD fever ENTDEND
0	ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND and diazepam to treat his symptoms. 7 days later, the ENTD fever ENTDEND
0	ENTC alanine ENTCEND aminotransferase (78 IU/L), and BUN (27.9 mg/ml) levels. The patient received bromocriptine and diazepam to treat his symptoms. 7 days later, the ENTD fever ENTDEND
0	ENTD fever ENTDEND (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of ENTC creatine ENTCEND
0	ENTC alprazolam ENTCEND treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a ENTD fever ENTDEND
0	ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND  and alprazolam.A 74-year-old man with depressive symptoms was admitted to a ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND
0	ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND hospital due to insomnia, loss of appetite, exhaustion, and agitation. Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg alprazolam. On the 10th day of paroxetine and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), alanine aminotransferase (78 IU/L), and BUN (27.9 mg/ml) levels. The patient received bromocriptine and ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND hospital due to insomnia, loss of appetite, exhaustion, and agitation. Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg alprazolam. On the 10th day of paroxetine and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND hospital due to insomnia, loss of appetite, exhaustion, and agitation. Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg alprazolam. On the 10th day of paroxetine and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), alanine aminotransferase (78 IU/L), and BUN (27.9 mg/ml) levels. The patient received ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND
0	ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND hospital due to insomnia, loss of appetite, exhaustion, and agitation. Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg alprazolam. On the 10th day of paroxetine and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND hospital due to insomnia, loss of appetite, exhaustion, and agitation. Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg alprazolam. On the 10th day of paroxetine and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of ENTC creatine ENTCEND
0	ENTC alprazolam ENTCEND .A 74-year-old man with depressive symptoms was admitted to a ENTD psychiatric ENTDEND
0	ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked ENTD psychomotor retardation ENTDEND
0	ENTD psychomotor retardation ENTDEND  disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), alanine aminotransferase (78 IU/L), and BUN (27.9 mg/ml) levels. The patient received bromocriptine and ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTD psychomotor retardation ENTDEND  disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTD psychomotor retardation ENTDEND  disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), alanine aminotransferase (78 IU/L), and BUN (27.9 mg/ml) levels. The patient received ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND
0	ENTD psychomotor retardation ENTDEND  disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD psychomotor retardation ENTDEND  disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of ENTC creatine ENTCEND
0	ENTC alprazolam ENTCEND treatment, the patient exhibited marked ENTD psychomotor retardation ENTDEND
0	ENTD agitation ENTDEND  Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND
0	ENTD agitation ENTDEND  Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg alprazolam. On the 10th day of paroxetine and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), alanine aminotransferase (78 IU/L), and BUN (27.9 mg/ml) levels. The patient received bromocriptine and ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTD agitation ENTDEND  Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg alprazolam. On the 10th day of paroxetine and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTD agitation ENTDEND  Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg alprazolam. On the 10th day of paroxetine and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), alanine aminotransferase (78 IU/L), and BUN (27.9 mg/ml) levels. The patient received ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND
0	ENTD agitation ENTDEND  Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg alprazolam. On the 10th day of paroxetine and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD agitation ENTDEND  Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg alprazolam. On the 10th day of paroxetine and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of ENTC creatine ENTCEND
0	ENTD agitation ENTDEND  Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg ENTC alprazolam ENTCEND
0	ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND and alprazolam treatment. The adverse drug reaction score obtained by the Naranjo algorithm was 6 in our case, indicating a probable relationship between the patient's NMS-like adverse symptoms and the combined treatment used in this case. The involvement of physiologic and environmental aspects specific to this patient was suspected. Several risk factors for NMS should be noted in elderly depressive patients whose symptoms often include dehydration, agitation, ENTD malnutrition ENTDEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND to treat his symptoms. 7 days later, the fever disappeared and the patient's serum CPK levels were normalized (175 IU/L). This patient presented with symptoms of neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS), thus demonstrating that NMS-like symptoms can occur after combined paroxetine and alprazolam treatment. The adverse drug reaction score obtained by the Naranjo algorithm was 6 in our case, indicating a probable relationship between the patient's NMS-like adverse symptoms and the combined treatment used in this case. The involvement of physiologic and environmental aspects specific to this patient was suspected. Several risk factors for NMS should be noted in elderly depressive patients whose symptoms often include dehydration, agitation, ENTD malnutrition ENTDEND
0	ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND and diazepam to treat his symptoms. 7 days later, the fever disappeared and the patient's serum CPK levels were normalized (175 IU/L). This patient presented with symptoms of neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS), thus demonstrating that NMS-like symptoms can occur after combined paroxetine and alprazolam treatment. The adverse drug reaction score obtained by the Naranjo algorithm was 6 in our case, indicating a probable relationship between the patient's NMS-like adverse symptoms and the combined treatment used in this case. The involvement of physiologic and environmental aspects specific to this patient was suspected. Several risk factors for NMS should be noted in elderly depressive patients whose symptoms often include dehydration, agitation, ENTD malnutrition ENTDEND
0	ENTC alprazolam ENTCEND treatment. The adverse drug reaction score obtained by the Naranjo algorithm was 6 in our case, indicating a probable relationship between the patient's NMS-like adverse symptoms and the combined treatment used in this case. The involvement of physiologic and environmental aspects specific to this patient was suspected. Several risk factors for NMS should be noted in elderly depressive patients whose symptoms often include dehydration, agitation, ENTD malnutrition ENTDEND
0	ENTD loss of appetite ENTDEND  exhaustion, and agitation. Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND
0	ENTD loss of appetite ENTDEND  exhaustion, and agitation. Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg alprazolam. On the 10th day of paroxetine and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), alanine aminotransferase (78 IU/L), and BUN (27.9 mg/ml) levels. The patient received bromocriptine and ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTD loss of appetite ENTDEND  exhaustion, and agitation. Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg alprazolam. On the 10th day of paroxetine and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTD loss of appetite ENTDEND  exhaustion, and agitation. Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg alprazolam. On the 10th day of paroxetine and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), alanine aminotransferase (78 IU/L), and BUN (27.9 mg/ml) levels. The patient received ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND
0	ENTD loss of appetite ENTDEND  exhaustion, and agitation. Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg alprazolam. On the 10th day of paroxetine and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD loss of appetite ENTDEND  exhaustion, and agitation. Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg alprazolam. On the 10th day of paroxetine and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of ENTC creatine ENTCEND
0	ENTC alprazolam ENTCEND .A 74-year-old man with depressive symptoms was admitted to a psychiatric hospital due to insomnia, ENTD loss of appetite ENTDEND
0	ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND
0	ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), alanine aminotransferase (78 IU/L), and BUN (27.9 mg/ml) levels. The patient received bromocriptine and ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), alanine aminotransferase (78 IU/L), and BUN (27.9 mg/ml) levels. The patient received ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND
0	ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of ENTC creatine ENTCEND
0	ENTC alprazolam ENTCEND treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe ENTD muscle rigidity ENTDEND
0	ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND  and alprazolam.A 74-year-old man with ENTD depressive symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND to treat his symptoms. 7 days later, the fever disappeared and the patient's serum CPK levels were normalized (175 IU/L). This patient presented with symptoms of neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS), thus demonstrating that NMS-like symptoms can occur after combined paroxetine and alprazolam treatment. The adverse drug reaction score obtained by the Naranjo algorithm was 6 in our case, indicating a probable relationship between the patient's NMS-like adverse symptoms and the combined treatment used in this case. The involvement of physiologic and environmental aspects specific to this patient was suspected. Several risk factors for NMS should be noted in elderly ENTD depressive ENTDEND
0	ENTD depressive symptoms ENTDEND was admitted to a psychiatric hospital due to insomnia, loss of appetite, exhaustion, and agitation. Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg alprazolam. On the 10th day of paroxetine and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND and diazepam to treat his symptoms. 7 days later, the fever disappeared and the patient's serum CPK levels were normalized (175 IU/L). This patient presented with symptoms of neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS), thus demonstrating that NMS-like symptoms can occur after combined paroxetine and alprazolam treatment. The adverse drug reaction score obtained by the Naranjo algorithm was 6 in our case, indicating a probable relationship between the patient's NMS-like adverse symptoms and the combined treatment used in this case. The involvement of physiologic and environmental aspects specific to this patient was suspected. Several risk factors for NMS should be noted in elderly ENTD depressive ENTDEND
0	ENTD depressive symptoms ENTDEND was admitted to a psychiatric hospital due to insomnia, loss of appetite, exhaustion, and agitation. Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg alprazolam. On the 10th day of paroxetine and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD depressive symptoms ENTDEND was admitted to a psychiatric hospital due to insomnia, loss of appetite, exhaustion, and agitation. Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg alprazolam. On the 10th day of paroxetine and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of ENTC creatine ENTCEND
0	ENTC alprazolam ENTCEND .A 74-year-old man with ENTD depressive symptoms ENTDEND
0	ENTD insomnia ENTDEND  loss of appetite, exhaustion, and agitation. Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND
0	ENTD insomnia ENTDEND  loss of appetite, exhaustion, and agitation. Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg alprazolam. On the 10th day of paroxetine and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), alanine aminotransferase (78 IU/L), and BUN (27.9 mg/ml) levels. The patient received bromocriptine and ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTD insomnia ENTDEND  loss of appetite, exhaustion, and agitation. Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg alprazolam. On the 10th day of paroxetine and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTD insomnia ENTDEND  loss of appetite, exhaustion, and agitation. Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg alprazolam. On the 10th day of paroxetine and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), alanine aminotransferase (78 IU/L), and BUN (27.9 mg/ml) levels. The patient received ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND
0	ENTD insomnia ENTDEND  loss of appetite, exhaustion, and agitation. Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg alprazolam. On the 10th day of paroxetine and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD insomnia ENTDEND  loss of appetite, exhaustion, and agitation. Medical treatment was initiated at a daily dose of 20 mg paroxetine and 1.2 mg alprazolam. On the 10th day of paroxetine and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with tremors. The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of ENTC creatine ENTCEND
0	ENTC alprazolam ENTCEND .A 74-year-old man with depressive symptoms was admitted to a psychiatric hospital due to ENTD insomnia ENTDEND
0	ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND and alprazolam treatment. The adverse drug reaction score obtained by the Naranjo algorithm was 6 in our case, indicating a probable relationship between the patient's NMS-like adverse symptoms and the combined treatment used in this case. The involvement of physiologic and environmental aspects specific to this patient was suspected. Several risk factors for NMS should be noted in elderly depressive patients whose symptoms often include ENTD dehydration ENTDEND
0	ENTC diazepam ENTCEND to treat his symptoms. 7 days later, the fever disappeared and the patient's serum CPK levels were normalized (175 IU/L). This patient presented with symptoms of neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS), thus demonstrating that NMS-like symptoms can occur after combined paroxetine and alprazolam treatment. The adverse drug reaction score obtained by the Naranjo algorithm was 6 in our case, indicating a probable relationship between the patient's NMS-like adverse symptoms and the combined treatment used in this case. The involvement of physiologic and environmental aspects specific to this patient was suspected. Several risk factors for NMS should be noted in elderly depressive patients whose symptoms often include ENTD dehydration ENTDEND
0	ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND and diazepam to treat his symptoms. 7 days later, the fever disappeared and the patient's serum CPK levels were normalized (175 IU/L). This patient presented with symptoms of neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS), thus demonstrating that NMS-like symptoms can occur after combined paroxetine and alprazolam treatment. The adverse drug reaction score obtained by the Naranjo algorithm was 6 in our case, indicating a probable relationship between the patient's NMS-like adverse symptoms and the combined treatment used in this case. The involvement of physiologic and environmental aspects specific to this patient was suspected. Several risk factors for NMS should be noted in elderly depressive patients whose symptoms often include ENTD dehydration ENTDEND
0	ENTC alprazolam ENTCEND treatment. The adverse drug reaction score obtained by the Naranjo algorithm was 6 in our case, indicating a probable relationship between the patient's NMS-like adverse symptoms and the combined treatment used in this case. The involvement of physiologic and environmental aspects specific to this patient was suspected. Several risk factors for NMS should be noted in elderly depressive patients whose symptoms often include ENTD dehydration ENTDEND
0	ENTC paroxetine ENTCEND and alprazolam treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with ENTD tremors ENTDEND
0	ENTD tremors ENTDEND  The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), alanine aminotransferase (78 IU/L), and BUN (27.9 mg/ml) levels. The patient received bromocriptine and ENTC diazepam ENTCEND
0	ENTD tremors ENTDEND  The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), ENTC aspartate ENTCEND
0	ENTD tremors ENTDEND  The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), alanine aminotransferase (78 IU/L), and BUN (27.9 mg/ml) levels. The patient received ENTC bromocriptine ENTCEND
0	ENTD tremors ENTDEND  The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of creatine phosphokinase (2218 IU/L), aspartate aminotransferase (134 IU/L), ENTC alanine ENTCEND
0	ENTD tremors ENTDEND  The patient had a fever (38.2 degrees C), fluctuating blood pressure (between 165/90 and 130/70 mg mm Hg), and severe extrapyramidal symptoms. Laboratory tests showed an elevation of ENTC creatine ENTCEND
0	ENTC alprazolam ENTCEND treatment, the patient exhibited marked psychomotor retardation, disorientation, and severe muscle rigidity with ENTD tremors ENTDEND
0	ENTC dipyridamole ENTCEND induced myocardial ischemia has been demonstrated to occur in animals and humans with ENTD coronary artery disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC dipyridamole ENTCEND induced ENTD ischemia ENTDEND
1	ENTC Dipyridamole ENTCEND -induced myocardial ischemia. ENTD Angina ENTDEND
0	ENTC Dipyridamole ENTCEND -induced ENTD myocardial ischemia ENTDEND
1	ENTD nephrolithiasis ENTDEND . ENTC Topiramate ENTCEND
0	ENTC calcium phosphate ENTCEND ENTD nephrolithiasis ENTDEND
0	ENTC Topiramate ENTCEND is a recently developed antiepileptic medication that is becoming more widely prescribed because of its efficacy in treating refractory seizures. Urologists should be aware that this medication can cause ENTD metabolic acidosis ENTDEND
0	ENTD metabolic acidosis ENTDEND in patients secondary to inhibition of carbonic anhydrase. In addition, a distal tubular acidification defect may result, thus impairing the normal compensatory drop in urine pH. These factors can lead to the development of ENTC calcium phosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTC Topiramate ENTCEND is a recently developed antiepileptic medication that is becoming more widely prescribed because of its efficacy in treating ENTD refractory seizures ENTDEND
0	ENTD refractory seizures ENTDEND  Urologists should be aware that this medication can cause metabolic acidosis in patients secondary to inhibition of carbonic anhydrase. In addition, a distal tubular acidification defect may result, thus impairing the normal compensatory drop in urine pH. These factors can lead to the development of ENTC calcium phosphate ENTCEND
0	ENTC amitriptyline ENTCEND  each produced left bundle branch block in a 73 year old woman. Electrocardiographic T and U wave abnormalities were present in most patients. The ENTD ventricular arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac arrhythmias ENTDEND  in patients receiving psychotropic drugs.Eight patients had cardiac manifestations that were life-threatening in five while taking psychotropic drugs, either phenothiazines or tricyclic antidepressants. Although most patients were receiving several drugs, ENTC Mellaril ENTCEND
0	ENTC nortriptyline ENTCEND  and Elavil (amitriptyline) each produced left bundle branch block in a 73 year old woman. Electrocardiographic T and U wave abnormalities were present in most patients. The ENTD ventricular arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTD cardiac arrhythmias ENTDEND  in patients receiving psychotropic drugs.Eight patients had cardiac manifestations that were life-threatening in five while taking psychotropic drugs, either ENTC phenothiazines ENTCEND
0	ENTD ventricular arrhythmias ENTDEND responded to intravenous administration of ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC chlorpromazine ENTCEND . Aventyl (nortriptyline) and Elavil (amitriptyline) each produced left bundle branch block in a 73 year old woman. Electrocardiographic T and U wave abnormalities were present in most patients. The ENTD ventricular arrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTD ventricular arrhythmias ENTDEND responded to intravenous administration of lidocaine and to direct current electric shock; ventricular pacing was required in some instances and intravenous administration of ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
0	ENTD cardiac complications ENTDEND to patients receiving ENTC phenothiazines ENTCEND
0	ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND and to direct current electric shock; ventricular pacing was required in some instances and intravenous administration of propranolol combined with ventricular pacing in one. The tachyarrhythmias generally subsided within 48 hours after administration of the drugs was stopped. Five of the eight patients were 50 years of age or younger; only one clearly had antecedent heart disease. Major cardiac arrhythmias are a potential hazard in patients without heart disease who are receiving customary therapeutic doses of psychotropic drugs. A prospective clinical trial is suggested to quantify the risk of ENTD cardiac complications ENTDEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND combined with ventricular pacing in one. The tachyarrhythmias generally subsided within 48 hours after administration of the drugs was stopped. Five of the eight patients were 50 years of age or younger; only one clearly had antecedent heart disease. Major cardiac arrhythmias are a potential hazard in patients without heart disease who are receiving customary therapeutic doses of psychotropic drugs. A prospective clinical trial is suggested to quantify the risk of ENTD cardiac complications ENTDEND
0	ENTD ventricular tachycardia ENTDEND  one of which was fatal in a 35 year old woman. Supraventricular tachycardia developed in one patient receiving Thorazine (chlorpromazine). Aventyl (nortriptyline) and ENTC Elavil ENTCEND
1	ENTC thioridazine ENTCEND  appeared to be responsible for five cases of ENTD ventricular tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD ventricular tachycardia ENTDEND  one of which was fatal in a 35 year old woman. Supraventricular tachycardia developed in one patient receiving Thorazine (chlorpromazine). ENTC Aventyl ENTCEND
0	ENTC phenothiazines ENTCEND or tricyclic antidepressants. Although most patients were receiving several drugs, Mellaril (thioridazine) appeared to be responsible for five cases of ENTD ventricular tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD ventricular tachycardia ENTDEND  one of which was fatal in a 35 year old woman. Supraventricular tachycardia developed in one patient receiving Thorazine (chlorpromazine). Aventyl (nortriptyline) and Elavil (amitriptyline) each produced left bundle branch block in a 73 year old woman. Electrocardiographic T and U wave abnormalities were present in most patients. The ventricular arrhythmias responded to intravenous administration of ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD ventricular tachycardia ENTDEND  one of which was fatal in a 35 year old woman. Supraventricular tachycardia developed in one patient receiving ENTC Thorazine ENTCEND
0	ENTD ventricular tachycardia ENTDEND  one of which was fatal in a 35 year old woman. Supraventricular tachycardia developed in one patient receiving Thorazine (chlorpromazine). Aventyl (nortriptyline) and Elavil (amitriptyline) each produced left bundle branch block in a 73 year old woman. Electrocardiographic T and U wave abnormalities were present in most patients. The ventricular arrhythmias responded to intravenous administration of lidocaine and to direct current electric shock; ventricular pacing was required in some instances and intravenous administration of ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
0	ENTC amitriptyline ENTCEND  each produced left bundle branch block in a 73 year old woman. Electrocardiographic T and U wave abnormalities were present in most patients. The ventricular arrhythmias responded to intravenous administration of lidocaine and to direct current electric shock; ventricular pacing was required in some instances and intravenous administration of propranolol combined with ventricular pacing in one. The ENTD tachyarrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTC thioridazine ENTCEND  appeared to be responsible for five cases of ventricular tachycardia, one of which was fatal in a 35 year old woman. Supraventricular tachycardia developed in one patient receiving Thorazine (chlorpromazine). Aventyl (nortriptyline) and Elavil (amitriptyline) each produced left bundle branch block in a 73 year old woman. Electrocardiographic T and U wave abnormalities were present in most patients. The ventricular arrhythmias responded to intravenous administration of lidocaine and to direct current electric shock; ventricular pacing was required in some instances and intravenous administration of propranolol combined with ventricular pacing in one. The ENTD tachyarrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTC nortriptyline ENTCEND  and Elavil (amitriptyline) each produced left bundle branch block in a 73 year old woman. Electrocardiographic T and U wave abnormalities were present in most patients. The ventricular arrhythmias responded to intravenous administration of lidocaine and to direct current electric shock; ventricular pacing was required in some instances and intravenous administration of propranolol combined with ventricular pacing in one. The ENTD tachyarrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTD tachyarrhythmias ENTDEND generally subsided within 48 hours after administration of the drugs was stopped. Five of the eight patients were 50 years of age or younger; only one clearly had antecedent heart disease. Major cardiac arrhythmias are a potential hazard in patients without heart disease who are receiving customary therapeutic doses of psychotropic drugs. A prospective clinical trial is suggested to quantify the risk of cardiac complications to patients receiving ENTC phenothiazines ENTCEND
0	ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND and to direct current electric shock; ventricular pacing was required in some instances and intravenous administration of propranolol combined with ventricular pacing in one. The ENTD tachyarrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTC chlorpromazine ENTCEND . Aventyl (nortriptyline) and Elavil (amitriptyline) each produced left bundle branch block in a 73 year old woman. Electrocardiographic T and U wave abnormalities were present in most patients. The ventricular arrhythmias responded to intravenous administration of lidocaine and to direct current electric shock; ventricular pacing was required in some instances and intravenous administration of propranolol combined with ventricular pacing in one. The ENTD tachyarrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND combined with ventricular pacing in one. The ENTD tachyarrhythmias ENTDEND
0	ENTD Supraventricular tachycardia ENTDEND developed in one patient receiving Thorazine (chlorpromazine). Aventyl (nortriptyline) and ENTC Elavil ENTCEND
1	ENTC thioridazine ENTCEND  appeared to be responsible for five cases of ventricular tachycardia, one of which was fatal in a 35 year old woman. ENTD Supraventricular tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD Supraventricular tachycardia ENTDEND developed in one patient receiving Thorazine (chlorpromazine). ENTC Aventyl ENTCEND
0	ENTC phenothiazines ENTCEND or tricyclic antidepressants. Although most patients were receiving several drugs, Mellaril (thioridazine) appeared to be responsible for five cases of ventricular tachycardia, one of which was fatal in a 35 year old woman. ENTD Supraventricular tachycardia ENTDEND
0	ENTD Supraventricular tachycardia ENTDEND developed in one patient receiving Thorazine (chlorpromazine). Aventyl (nortriptyline) and Elavil (amitriptyline) each produced left bundle branch block in a 73 year old woman. Electrocardiographic T and U wave abnormalities were present in most patients. The ventricular arrhythmias responded to intravenous administration of ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Supraventricular tachycardia ENTDEND developed in one patient receiving ENTC Thorazine ENTCEND
0	ENTD Supraventricular tachycardia ENTDEND developed in one patient receiving Thorazine (chlorpromazine). Aventyl (nortriptyline) and Elavil (amitriptyline) each produced left bundle branch block in a 73 year old woman. Electrocardiographic T and U wave abnormalities were present in most patients. The ventricular arrhythmias responded to intravenous administration of lidocaine and to direct current electric shock; ventricular pacing was required in some instances and intravenous administration of ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
1	ENTC amitriptyline ENTCEND  each produced ENTD left bundle branch block ENTDEND
0	ENTC thioridazine ENTCEND  appeared to be responsible for five cases of ventricular tachycardia, one of which was fatal in a 35 year old woman. Supraventricular tachycardia developed in one patient receiving Thorazine (chlorpromazine). Aventyl (nortriptyline) and Elavil (amitriptyline) each produced ENTD left bundle branch block ENTDEND
1	ENTC nortriptyline ENTCEND  and Elavil (amitriptyline) each produced ENTD left bundle branch block ENTDEND
0	ENTC phenothiazines ENTCEND or tricyclic antidepressants. Although most patients were receiving several drugs, Mellaril (thioridazine) appeared to be responsible for five cases of ventricular tachycardia, one of which was fatal in a 35 year old woman. Supraventricular tachycardia developed in one patient receiving Thorazine (chlorpromazine). Aventyl (nortriptyline) and Elavil (amitriptyline) each produced ENTD left bundle branch block ENTDEND
0	ENTD left bundle branch block ENTDEND in a 73 year old woman. Electrocardiographic T and U wave abnormalities were present in most patients. The ventricular arrhythmias responded to intravenous administration of ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND
0	ENTC chlorpromazine ENTCEND . Aventyl (nortriptyline) and Elavil (amitriptyline) each produced ENTD left bundle branch block ENTDEND
0	ENTD left bundle branch block ENTDEND in a 73 year old woman. Electrocardiographic T and U wave abnormalities were present in most patients. The ventricular arrhythmias responded to intravenous administration of lidocaine and to direct current electric shock; ventricular pacing was required in some instances and intravenous administration of ENTC propranolol ENTCEND
0	ENTC amitriptyline ENTCEND  each produced left bundle branch block in a 73 year old woman. Electrocardiographic T and U wave abnormalities were present in most patients. The ventricular arrhythmias responded to intravenous administration of lidocaine and to direct current electric shock; ventricular pacing was required in some instances and intravenous administration of propranolol combined with ventricular pacing in one. The tachyarrhythmias generally subsided within 48 hours after administration of the drugs was stopped. Five of the eight patients were 50 years of age or younger; only one clearly had antecedent ENTD heart disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC nortriptyline ENTCEND  and Elavil (amitriptyline) each produced left bundle branch block in a 73 year old woman. Electrocardiographic T and U wave abnormalities were present in most patients. The ventricular arrhythmias responded to intravenous administration of lidocaine and to direct current electric shock; ventricular pacing was required in some instances and intravenous administration of propranolol combined with ventricular pacing in one. The tachyarrhythmias generally subsided within 48 hours after administration of the drugs was stopped. Five of the eight patients were 50 years of age or younger; only one clearly had antecedent ENTD heart disease ENTDEND
0	ENTD heart disease ENTDEND who are receiving customary therapeutic doses of psychotropic drugs. A prospective clinical trial is suggested to quantify the risk of cardiac complications to patients receiving ENTC phenothiazines ENTCEND
0	ENTC lidocaine ENTCEND and to direct current electric shock; ventricular pacing was required in some instances and intravenous administration of propranolol combined with ventricular pacing in one. The tachyarrhythmias generally subsided within 48 hours after administration of the drugs was stopped. Five of the eight patients were 50 years of age or younger; only one clearly had antecedent ENTD heart disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC chlorpromazine ENTCEND . Aventyl (nortriptyline) and Elavil (amitriptyline) each produced left bundle branch block in a 73 year old woman. Electrocardiographic T and U wave abnormalities were present in most patients. The ventricular arrhythmias responded to intravenous administration of lidocaine and to direct current electric shock; ventricular pacing was required in some instances and intravenous administration of propranolol combined with ventricular pacing in one. The tachyarrhythmias generally subsided within 48 hours after administration of the drugs was stopped. Five of the eight patients were 50 years of age or younger; only one clearly had antecedent ENTD heart disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND combined with ventricular pacing in one. The tachyarrhythmias generally subsided within 48 hours after administration of the drugs was stopped. Five of the eight patients were 50 years of age or younger; only one clearly had antecedent ENTD heart disease ENTDEND
0	ENTC MK-801 ENTCEND  markedly reduced the ENTD dyskinetic ENTDEND
0	ENTC yohimbine ENTCEND and meperidine reduced predominantly the ENTD dyskinetic ENTDEND
0	ENTD dyskinetic ENTDEND movements would be modified. Several drugs, including clonidine, ENTC physostigmine ENTCEND
0	ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND  in ENTC MPTP ENTCEND
0	ENTD dyskinetic ENTDEND movements. ENTC Baclofen ENTCEND
1	ENTC L-DOPA/benserazide ENTCEND 50/12.5 mg/kg given orally daily for 2 months. This dose produced a striking antiparkinsonian effect, but all animals manifested ENTD dyskinesia ENTDEND
0	ENTD dyskinetic ENTDEND movements would be modified. Several drugs, including ENTC clonidine ENTCEND
0	ENTD dyskinesia ENTDEND  ENTC Atropine ENTCEND
0	ENTC L-dopa ENTCEND -induced ENTD dyskinesias ENTDEND
0	ENTC methysergide ENTCEND  5-MDOT, propranolol, and MK-801, markedly reduced the ENTD dyskinetic ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND were then tested in combination with L-DOPA to see if the ENTD dyskinetic ENTDEND
0	ENTC meperidine ENTCEND reduced predominantly the ENTD dyskinetic ENTDEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND  and MK-801, markedly reduced the ENTD dyskinetic ENTDEND
0	ENTC MK-801 ENTCEND  markedly reduced the dyskinetic movements but at the cost of a return of ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND
0	ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND symptomatology. However, ENTC yohimbine ENTCEND
0	ENTC physostigmine ENTCEND  methysergide, 5-MDOT, propranolol, and MK-801, markedly reduced the dyskinetic movements but at the cost of a return of ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND
1	ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND with the toxin ENTC MPTP ENTCEND
0	ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND symptomatology. However, yohimbine and meperidine reduced predominantly the dyskinetic movements. ENTC Baclofen ENTCEND
0	ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND with the toxin MPTP. They were then treated chronically with ENTC L-DOPA/benserazide ENTCEND
0	ENTC clonidine ENTCEND  physostigmine, methysergide, 5-MDOT, propranolol, and MK-801, markedly reduced the dyskinetic movements but at the cost of a return of ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND
0	ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND symptomatology. However, yohimbine and meperidine reduced predominantly the dyskinetic movements. Baclofen was also useful in one monkey against a more dystonic form of dyskinesia. ENTC Atropine ENTCEND
0	ENTC L-dopa ENTCEND -induced dyskinesias in MPTP-treated monkeys.A group of four monkeys was rendered ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND
0	ENTC methysergide ENTCEND  5-MDOT, propranolol, and MK-801, markedly reduced the dyskinetic movements but at the cost of a return of ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND were then tested in combination with L-DOPA to see if the dyskinetic movements would be modified. Several drugs, including clonidine, physostigmine, methysergide, 5-MDOT, propranolol, and MK-801, markedly reduced the dyskinetic movements but at the cost of a return of ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND
0	ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND symptomatology. However, yohimbine and ENTC meperidine ENTCEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND  and MK-801, markedly reduced the dyskinetic movements but at the cost of a return of ENTD parkinsonian ENTDEND
0	ENTC MK-801 ENTCEND  markedly reduced the dyskinetic movements but at the cost of a return of parkinsonian symptomatology. However, yohimbine and meperidine reduced predominantly the dyskinetic movements. Baclofen was also useful in one monkey against a more dystonic form of dyskinesia. Atropine converted the dystonic movements into ENTD chorea ENTDEND
0	ENTC yohimbine ENTCEND and meperidine reduced predominantly the dyskinetic movements. Baclofen was also useful in one monkey against a more dystonic form of dyskinesia. Atropine converted the dystonic movements into ENTD chorea ENTDEND
0	ENTC physostigmine ENTCEND  methysergide, 5-MDOT, propranolol, and MK-801, markedly reduced the dyskinetic movements but at the cost of a return of parkinsonian symptomatology. However, yohimbine and meperidine reduced predominantly the dyskinetic movements. Baclofen was also useful in one monkey against a more dystonic form of dyskinesia. Atropine converted the dystonic movements into ENTD chorea ENTDEND
0	ENTC Baclofen ENTCEND was also useful in one monkey against a more dystonic form of dyskinesia. Atropine converted the dystonic movements into ENTD chorea ENTDEND
0	ENTC clonidine ENTCEND  physostigmine, methysergide, 5-MDOT, propranolol, and MK-801, markedly reduced the dyskinetic movements but at the cost of a return of parkinsonian symptomatology. However, yohimbine and meperidine reduced predominantly the dyskinetic movements. Baclofen was also useful in one monkey against a more dystonic form of dyskinesia. Atropine converted the dystonic movements into ENTD chorea ENTDEND
0	ENTC Atropine ENTCEND converted the dystonic movements into ENTD chorea ENTDEND
0	ENTC L-DOPA ENTCEND to see if the dyskinetic movements would be modified. Several drugs, including clonidine, physostigmine, methysergide, 5-MDOT, propranolol, and MK-801, markedly reduced the dyskinetic movements but at the cost of a return of parkinsonian symptomatology. However, yohimbine and meperidine reduced predominantly the dyskinetic movements. Baclofen was also useful in one monkey against a more dystonic form of dyskinesia. Atropine converted the dystonic movements into ENTD chorea ENTDEND
0	ENTC methysergide ENTCEND  5-MDOT, propranolol, and MK-801, markedly reduced the dyskinetic movements but at the cost of a return of parkinsonian symptomatology. However, yohimbine and meperidine reduced predominantly the dyskinetic movements. Baclofen was also useful in one monkey against a more dystonic form of dyskinesia. Atropine converted the dystonic movements into ENTD chorea ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND were then tested in combination with L-DOPA to see if the dyskinetic movements would be modified. Several drugs, including clonidine, physostigmine, methysergide, 5-MDOT, propranolol, and MK-801, markedly reduced the dyskinetic movements but at the cost of a return of parkinsonian symptomatology. However, yohimbine and meperidine reduced predominantly the dyskinetic movements. Baclofen was also useful in one monkey against a more dystonic form of dyskinesia. Atropine converted the dystonic movements into ENTD chorea ENTDEND
0	ENTC meperidine ENTCEND reduced predominantly the dyskinetic movements. Baclofen was also useful in one monkey against a more dystonic form of dyskinesia. Atropine converted the dystonic movements into ENTD chorea ENTDEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND  and MK-801, markedly reduced the dyskinetic movements but at the cost of a return of parkinsonian symptomatology. However, yohimbine and meperidine reduced predominantly the dyskinetic movements. Baclofen was also useful in one monkey against a more dystonic form of dyskinesia. Atropine converted the dystonic movements into ENTD chorea ENTDEND
0	ENTC MK-801 ENTCEND  markedly reduced the dyskinetic movements but at the cost of a return of parkinsonian symptomatology. However, yohimbine and meperidine reduced predominantly the dyskinetic movements. Baclofen was also useful in one monkey against a more ENTD dystonic ENTDEND
0	ENTC yohimbine ENTCEND and meperidine reduced predominantly the dyskinetic movements. Baclofen was also useful in one monkey against a more ENTD dystonic ENTDEND
0	ENTC physostigmine ENTCEND  methysergide, 5-MDOT, propranolol, and MK-801, markedly reduced the dyskinetic movements but at the cost of a return of parkinsonian symptomatology. However, yohimbine and meperidine reduced predominantly the dyskinetic movements. Baclofen was also useful in one monkey against a more ENTD dystonic ENTDEND
0	ENTC Baclofen ENTCEND was also useful in one monkey against a more ENTD dystonic ENTDEND
0	ENTC L-DOPA/benserazide ENTCEND 50/12.5 mg/kg given orally daily for 2 months. This dose produced a striking antiparkinsonian effect, but all animals manifested dyskinesia. A series of agents acting primarily on neurotransmitters other than dopamine were then tested in combination with L-DOPA to see if the dyskinetic movements would be modified. Several drugs, including clonidine, physostigmine, methysergide, 5-MDOT, propranolol, and MK-801, markedly reduced the dyskinetic movements but at the cost of a return of parkinsonian symptomatology. However, yohimbine and meperidine reduced predominantly the dyskinetic movements. Baclofen was also useful in one monkey against a more ENTD dystonic ENTDEND
0	ENTC clonidine ENTCEND  physostigmine, methysergide, 5-MDOT, propranolol, and MK-801, markedly reduced the dyskinetic movements but at the cost of a return of parkinsonian symptomatology. However, yohimbine and meperidine reduced predominantly the dyskinetic movements. Baclofen was also useful in one monkey against a more ENTD dystonic ENTDEND
0	ENTC Atropine ENTCEND converted the ENTD dystonic ENTDEND
0	ENTC L-DOPA ENTCEND to see if the dyskinetic movements would be modified. Several drugs, including clonidine, physostigmine, methysergide, 5-MDOT, propranolol, and MK-801, markedly reduced the dyskinetic movements but at the cost of a return of parkinsonian symptomatology. However, yohimbine and meperidine reduced predominantly the dyskinetic movements. Baclofen was also useful in one monkey against a more ENTD dystonic ENTDEND
0	ENTC methysergide ENTCEND  5-MDOT, propranolol, and MK-801, markedly reduced the dyskinetic movements but at the cost of a return of parkinsonian symptomatology. However, yohimbine and meperidine reduced predominantly the dyskinetic movements. Baclofen was also useful in one monkey against a more ENTD dystonic ENTDEND
0	ENTC dopamine ENTCEND were then tested in combination with L-DOPA to see if the dyskinetic movements would be modified. Several drugs, including clonidine, physostigmine, methysergide, 5-MDOT, propranolol, and MK-801, markedly reduced the dyskinetic movements but at the cost of a return of parkinsonian symptomatology. However, yohimbine and meperidine reduced predominantly the dyskinetic movements. Baclofen was also useful in one monkey against a more ENTD dystonic ENTDEND
0	ENTC meperidine ENTCEND reduced predominantly the dyskinetic movements. Baclofen was also useful in one monkey against a more ENTD dystonic ENTDEND
0	ENTC propranolol ENTCEND  and MK-801, markedly reduced the dyskinetic movements but at the cost of a return of parkinsonian symptomatology. However, yohimbine and meperidine reduced predominantly the dyskinetic movements. Baclofen was also useful in one monkey against a more ENTD dystonic ENTDEND
1	ENTC TAM ENTCEND induced ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND and the involvement of biomembranes in its cytostatic action mechanisms. TAM induces hemolysis of erythrocytes as a function of concentration. The extension of hemolysis is variable with erythrocyte samples, but 12.5 microM TAM induces total hemolysis of all tested suspensions. Despite inducing extensive erythrocyte lysis, TAM does not shift the osmotic fragility curves of erythrocytes. The hemolytic effect of TAM is prevented by low concentrations of alpha-tocopherol (alpha-T) and alpha-tocopherol acetate (alpha-TAc) (inactivated functional hydroxyl) indicating that TAM-induced hemolysis is not related to oxidative membrane damage. This was further evidenced by absence of ENTC oxygen ENTCEND
0	ENTC K ENTCEND +) from the cells, also excluding a colloid-osmotic type mechanism of hemolysis, according to the effects on osmotic fragility curves. However, TAM induces release of peripheral proteins of membrane-cytoskeleton and cytosol proteins essentially bound to band 3. Either alpha-T or alpha-TAc increases membrane packing and prevents TAM partition into model membranes. These effects suggest that the protection from hemolysis by tocopherols is related to a decreased TAM incorporation in condensed membranes and the structural damage of the erythrocyte membrane is consequently avoided. Therefore, TAM-induced hemolysis results from a structural perturbation of red cell membrane, leading to changes in the framework of the erythrocyte membrane and its cytoskeleton caused by its high partition in the membrane. These defects explain the abnormal erythrocyte shape and decreased mechanical stability promoted by TAM, resulting in ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND and the involvement of biomembranes in its cytostatic action mechanisms. TAM induces hemolysis of erythrocytes as a function of concentration. The extension of hemolysis is variable with erythrocyte samples, but 12.5 microM TAM induces total hemolysis of all tested suspensions. Despite inducing extensive erythrocyte lysis, TAM does not shift the osmotic fragility curves of erythrocytes. The hemolytic effect of TAM is prevented by low concentrations of alpha-tocopherol (alpha-T) and alpha-tocopherol acetate (alpha-TAc) (inactivated functional ENTC hydroxyl ENTCEND
0	ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND and the involvement of biomembranes in its cytostatic action mechanisms. TAM induces hemolysis of erythrocytes as a function of concentration. The extension of hemolysis is variable with erythrocyte samples, but 12.5 microM TAM induces total hemolysis of all tested suspensions. Despite inducing extensive erythrocyte lysis, TAM does not shift the osmotic fragility curves of erythrocytes. The hemolytic effect of TAM is prevented by low concentrations of ENTC alpha-tocopherol ENTCEND
0	ENTC tocopherols ENTCEND is related to a decreased TAM incorporation in condensed membranes and the structural damage of the erythrocyte membrane is consequently avoided. Therefore, TAM-induced hemolysis results from a structural perturbation of red cell membrane, leading to changes in the framework of the erythrocyte membrane and its cytoskeleton caused by its high partition in the membrane. These defects explain the abnormal erythrocyte shape and decreased mechanical stability promoted by TAM, resulting in ENTD hemolytic anemia ENTDEND
0	ENTC TAM ENTCEND , the antiestrogenic drug most widely prescribed in the chemotherapy of ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND
0	ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND  induces changes in normal discoid shape of erythrocytes and hemolytic anemia. This work evaluates the effects of TAM on isolated human erythrocytes, attempting to identify the underlying mechanisms on TAM-induced hemolytic anemia and the involvement of biomembranes in its cytostatic action mechanisms. TAM induces hemolysis of erythrocytes as a function of concentration. The extension of hemolysis is variable with erythrocyte samples, but 12.5 microM TAM induces total hemolysis of all tested suspensions. Despite inducing extensive erythrocyte lysis, TAM does not shift the osmotic fragility curves of erythrocytes. The hemolytic effect of TAM is prevented by low concentrations of alpha-tocopherol (alpha-T) and alpha-tocopherol acetate (alpha-TAc) (inactivated functional ENTC hydroxyl ENTCEND
0	ENTD breast cancer ENTDEND  induces changes in normal discoid shape of erythrocytes and hemolytic anemia. This work evaluates the effects of TAM on isolated human erythrocytes, attempting to identify the underlying mechanisms on TAM-induced hemolytic anemia and the involvement of biomembranes in its cytostatic action mechanisms. TAM induces hemolysis of erythrocytes as a function of concentration. The extension of hemolysis is variable with erythrocyte samples, but 12.5 microM TAM induces total hemolysis of all tested suspensions. Despite inducing extensive erythrocyte lysis, TAM does not shift the osmotic fragility curves of erythrocytes. The hemolytic effect of TAM is prevented by low concentrations of ENTC alpha-tocopherol ENTCEND
1	ENTC TAM ENTCEND induces ENTD hemolysis ENTDEND
0	ENTC oxygen ENTCEND consumption and hemoglobin oxidation both determined in parallel with TAM-induced ENTD hemolysis ENTDEND
0	ENTC AAPH ENTCEND  thus ruling out TAM-induced cell oxidative stress. ENTD Hemolysis ENTDEND
0	ENTD Hemolysis ENTDEND caused by TAM was not preceded by the leakage of ENTC K ENTCEND
0	ENTC hydroxyl ENTCEND  indicating that TAM-induced ENTD hemolysis ENTDEND
0	ENTD hemolytic ENTDEND effect of TAM is prevented by low concentrations of ENTC alpha-tocopherol ENTCEND
0	ENTD hemolysis ENTDEND by ENTC tocopherols ENTCEND
0	ENTC d-tubocurarine ENTCEND did not correlate with muscle mass or AChR expression. Our results suggest that the ENTD neuromuscular dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTD neuromuscular dysfunction ENTDEND after prednisolone is dose-dependent, and derives primarily from muscle atrophy and derives less so from changes in AChR expression. IMPLICATIONS: The mechanisms by which chronic glucocorticoid therapy alters neuromuscular physiology and pharmacology are unclear. We suggest that the observed effects are dose-dependent and derive primarily from muscle atrophy and derive less from changes in ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTD neuromuscular dysfunction ENTDEND after ENTC prednisolone ENTCEND
0	ENTD muscle dysfunction ENTDEND  is caused more by atrophy than by altered acetylcholine receptor expression.Large doses of glucocorticoids can alter muscle physiology and susceptibility to neuromuscular blocking drugs by mechanisms not clearly understood. We investigated the effects of moderate and large doses of prednisolone on muscle function and pharmacology, and their relationship to changes in muscle size and acetylcholine receptor (AChR) expression. With institutional approval, 35 Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly allocated to receive daily subcutaneous doses of 10 mg/kg prednisolone (P10 group), 100 mg/kg prednisolone (P100 group), or an equal volume of saline (S group) for 7 days. A fourth group of rats was pair fed (food restricted) with the P100 rats for 7 days (FR group). On Day 8, the nerve-evoked peak twitch tensions, tetanic tensions, and fatigability, and the dose-response curves of ENTC d-tubocurarine ENTCEND
0	ENTD muscle dysfunction ENTDEND  is caused more by atrophy than by altered ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
1	ENTC Prednisolone ENTCEND -induced ENTD muscle dysfunction ENTDEND
0	ENTD tetanic ENTDEND tensions, and fatigability, and the dose-response curves of ENTC d-tubocurarine ENTCEND
0	ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND receptor (AChR) expression. With institutional approval, 35 Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly allocated to receive daily subcutaneous doses of 10 mg/kg prednisolone (P10 group), 100 mg/kg prednisolone (P100 group), or an equal volume of saline (S group) for 7 days. A fourth group of rats was pair fed (food restricted) with the P100 rats for 7 days (FR group). On Day 8, the nerve-evoked peak twitch tensions, ENTD tetanic ENTDEND
0	ENTC prednisolone ENTCEND (P100 group), or an equal volume of saline (S group) for 7 days. A fourth group of rats was pair fed (food restricted) with the P100 rats for 7 days (FR group). On Day 8, the nerve-evoked peak twitch tensions, ENTD tetanic ENTDEND
0	ENTD atrophy ENTDEND  than by altered acetylcholine receptor expression.Large doses of glucocorticoids can alter muscle physiology and susceptibility to neuromuscular blocking drugs by mechanisms not clearly understood. We investigated the effects of moderate and large doses of prednisolone on muscle function and pharmacology, and their relationship to changes in muscle size and acetylcholine receptor (AChR) expression. With institutional approval, 35 Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly allocated to receive daily subcutaneous doses of 10 mg/kg prednisolone (P10 group), 100 mg/kg prednisolone (P100 group), or an equal volume of saline (S group) for 7 days. A fourth group of rats was pair fed (food restricted) with the P100 rats for 7 days (FR group). On Day 8, the nerve-evoked peak twitch tensions, tetanic tensions, and fatigability, and the dose-response curves of ENTC d-tubocurarine ENTCEND
0	ENTD atrophy ENTDEND  than by altered ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
0	ENTC Prednisolone ENTCEND -induced muscle dysfunction is caused more by ENTD atrophy ENTDEND
0	ENTC d-tubocurarine ENTCEND did not correlate with muscle mass or AChR expression. Our results suggest that the neuromuscular dysfunction after prednisolone is dose-dependent, and derives primarily from ENTD muscle atrophy ENTDEND
0	ENTD muscle atrophy ENTDEND and derive less from changes in ENTC acetylcholine ENTCEND
1	ENTC prednisolone ENTCEND is dose-dependent, and derives primarily from ENTD muscle atrophy ENTDEND